-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Lance is highly knowledgeable on this subject.
Top 25 Translations
	For instance, the Watch Tower Publications Index contains a list of publications published by the Watch Tower Society's branch office and distributed by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.
	For example, in one recent year, in one of the world's largest cities in Africa, over half of a million inhabitants live in poverty - stricken areas, reports the United Nations Children's Fund.
	The apostle John explained that God's Son "was a propitiatory sacrifice " for all true Christians.
	The information presented in this subject is provided on the subject of Jesus Christ's ransom sacrifice.
	This is the subject that you can find in the cover series, which has a profound effect on your life and on your future.
	Love is very fully aware of this matter.
	Love well knows that. It is also a source of great happiness for people of every race and nation to be taught to love God and to love him.
	The Bible says: "Love... knows the truth about God, and you know the truth. "
	The apostle Paul wrote: "He that exercises faith in me does not need to fear him; he that disobeys the Son of man will not live at all. "
	Love has a very high regard for this subject.
	For example, we might ask ourselves, " When would my situation be less serious?'It is important to get more information on this subject.
	It is a matter of fact that an important matter depends on one's getting to know Jehovah and his purposes.
	A major factor is finding out about the matter. A study of this topic reveals how we feel about those whom we serve in full - time service.
	For example, it may be difficult for a person who has been raised by a relative or an elder for years or for some reason has become so absorbed in his or her spiritual progress that he may become "not open to any agreement. "
	An important factor rests with getting more information on this matter.
	Accurate knowledge on this matter is vital. What will help us to be balanced in walking with God?
	It is essential that we accept and follow the steps leading to eternal life.
	A key to taking in accurate knowledge is our personal study of this subject.
	It is essential that we gain accurate knowledge on this subject.
	Accurate knowledge of this subject must be taken to heart.
	If so, you can see how important it is to learn a new language, such as the Watchtower Study, the Watchtower Study, and the field ministry.
	How important it is to learn more about the Bible and how we should apply the counsel found at Hebrews 13: 7 - 13, which says: "It is written, " It is Jehovah your God.'"
	The answer is that you can read the Bible from cover to cover.
	It is enough that we can gain an understanding of God's purpose in life and that of others who have died before the death of their dead loved ones.
	You can see why the Creator's view of the earth is expressed. It is enough just to get to know closely the matter.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I need a good explanation of all the costs involved in buying a new car.
Top 25 Translations
	I need to find some good explanation of all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation of all the costs involved in buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation of all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation of all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I need to explain a goodest of all the cost involved in buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation of all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation about all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation about all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation about all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I need to make a good explanation of all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I had to buy a new car that needed a fine explanation of all the expenses involved.
	I had to buy a new car that required discernment for all the expenses involved.
	I had to get a new car, which requires clear understanding of all the expenses involved.
	I had to buy a new car that needed to be understood for all the expenses involved.
	I had to buy a new car that contained a thorough explanation of all the expenses, and I had to buy that car. I had to buy a good deal of money, which required a full measure of discernment.
	I need a good balance for the expenses of buying a new car.
	I'm always ready for the more difficult it is to buy an automobile. I just want to have a good time. I need to make sure that I can pay more attention to the cost of working out a new vehicle.
	I need to make a thorough budget, and I do not know where to drive.
	I'm not sure that you'll have to pay for your car's expenses, so I might not be able to get back on it. I would need to be better - off on the road to get a new car.
	I especially need practical guidance to find a new vehicle, but I need more information about what to do with it and about how to get it through it.
	I need a good explanation of all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation of all the costs involved in buying a new car.
	I need to make a good explanation of all the expenses involved in buying a new car.
	I need to have a good explanation of all the costs involved in buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation of everything costs involved in buying a new car.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: There was a lively debate about the Middle East, then they moved to a vote.
Top 25 Translations
	And an interesting debate regarding the Middle East arose, then they engaged in a vote.
	And an interesting argument arose regarding the Middle East, then they engaged in a vote.
	And an intriguing argument arose regarding the Middle East, and they engaged in a vote.
	An interesting debate on the Middle East came about, and they were engaged in a vote.
	And an interesting debate went on for the Middle East, and then they began to vote for a vote.
	There was a stimulating issue regarding the Middle East, and they went off to cast a vote.
	A stirring drama regarding the Middle East was, and then they went to vote for a vote.
	A stirring issue with regard to the Middle East was this, and they were then gone to cast a vote.
	There was an stirring theme concerning the Middle East, and then they went out to cast a vote.
	In the Middle East, for example, Jehovah gave the nation of Israel the privilege of being his people and the opportunity to enter the Promised Land.
	The Middle East had an intriguing dispute and then departed into one debate.
	There was an intriguing dispute in the Middle East, then they went to an argument.
	There was an interesting controversy in the Middle East, and they went off into a debate. This was the custom of the first century C.E.
	There was an intriguing dispute in the Middle Middle East, and they then moved into one debate.
	In the Middle East there was an interesting dispute, then they went on to one debate.
	The Middle East and the Middle East were a fascinating dispute, and then they traveled to their land and gave in to a vote.
	An interesting debate was about the Middle East, and then they moved to their homeland to give a vote.
	The Middle East was quite an interesting debate, and they set out to vote in their country.
	There were an interesting controversy about the Middle East, and they decided to go to their homeland to vote in a vote.
	A curious dispute arose about the Middle East, and they set out to vote in the country to give up a particular vote.
	An interesting debate about the Middle East was, and they were moved to vote.
	There was an interesting debate about the Middle East, then they inspired themselves to vote for a vote.
	An interesting controversy concerning the Middle East was the case, then they were inspired to make a vote.
	During the sixth century B.C.E., the Greek Orthodox Church, the Roman Catholic Church, declared: "There is no longer any way of the opinion of the Jews that it is the true Christian religion, nor is it a cause for division among the people. "
	A interesting debate on the Middle East led to the debate, leading to their being prompted to vote.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The doctor told him to lose weight quickly or pay the price later in life.
Top 25 Translations
	The doctors told him to give him something to lower weight or later pay off life's price.
	When she was about ten, she asked her doctors to give her about the treatment that she had paid for her future expenses.
	The doctors asked him to give him something to earn in order to lower weight or later pay the price of life.
	The doctors told him to give him about reducing the weight or later paying the price for life.
	The doctors asked her to give her anything to lower weight or later pay as the price of life.
	She had told him that she would soon make a loss, or they would eventually pay her the price in life.
	The doctor was told that she would be able to lower her weight or return the cost later and that she would not pay him the price at all. The doctor said that she had lost his weight and had paid off her life.
	She said that she could never afford her own weight or pay him a price in her life.
	She had told her doctor that she would soon make a lower weight or pay her price in life.
	The doctor told him that she would soon lose weight or that she might eventually pay the price for her life.
	A doctor asked her to lose her weight instantly or to pay her back to later values. In her early years of medical education, the doctor told her: "The best way to get along is to give up smoking, even if the time is not yet past. "
	The doctor asked him to lose his weight immediately or pay for later values in life.
	One day a doctor told her that her husband was going to die because of her condition and that she had to die a little while before she was ready to die and take care of her baby's condition.
	After about six months, he was assigned to work as a volunteer at the branch office of the Watch Tower Society in the country, where there were no Witnesses.
	The doctor ordered her to lose quickly the weight or pay for later value in life.
	A patient, though, was asked if he would be weighed immediately or later paid a price in life.
	The doctor told her to be loaded easily or to pay the price for life later.
	The doctor said that he would soon be weighed or that he would later accept a value in life.
	The doctor told the doctor if he was quick to be weighed up or had paid her price later in life.
	The doctor said that he should quickly weigh the matter or later take the price in life.
	The doctor informed her that she was about to lose her weight, or the price of living later on, while she could no longer afford it to do so.
	The doctor told him that she would lose the weight or pay off the cost of living again.
	The doctor told her if she was willing to die immediately or to pay off the pay for her future life.
	The doctor told her to lose her weight or to pay off the cost of living soon. In spite of my pain, she did not have enough to lose her health.
	She said that he would lose her weight or pay the price of living soon afterward. So she decided to go to the doctor with her to study the Bible with the Witnesses.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Jet lag causes problems with our biological clock.
Top 25 Translations
	His wife and son are now pioneers and pioneers in the United States who have served at Bethel for about a year and a half or so long after their birth, reports The Times of London.
	It is not surprising, then, that when we were young, we were created in a very physical way, making our own choices about life, and giving us "power beyond what is normal " in our lives.
	He can also be sure that Jehovah's promise of restoration does not mean that any one of his servants is to blame for the consequences of sickness, sickness, or death.
	If you are an adult, it would be unwise to let the other person talk to you about the dangers and problems that might arise in life or to avoid them.
	It is not uncommon to find out whether you are interested in making a living or a career in a foreign land.
	The number of children in the world has doubled to 10 percent of the population in the world, and each year some 3 percent of those infected with HIV are infected by the AIDS virus, reports the Times of London.
	The name snow, or white whale, may also be used in such ways as an animal's eye, but it does not make use of a fixed number of genes.
	As we get closer, however, it may be a little easier to see how you can do that than what your parents did when you first got married.
	Spigering later problems occur during our biological clock.
	Using X - ray Xerxic tubes, which are the main source of ions to our eyes, may be used in various ways, and it may also be used for extended periods.
	It is important to remember that there is something else in life that most people do not know for themselves.
	It was entitled "What Is Your Life? "
	In addition to this, many have made the same decision in their lives as members of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	He had been married for about a month, and he was married as a member of the Governing Body of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	How was he blessed for his efforts to improve his ministry?
	The Bible also shows that when we face problems that arise, we will not need to be tempted beyond what we can bear.
	It helps to put into practice the problems that result in our body's problems.
	It helps to produce new problems in our body - the ability to do the same when it comes to our daily needs.
	The Bible says that "the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one, " Satan the Devil, who is" passing away with the powerful spirit forces in the heavenly places. "
	This can help to bring about the problems we experience in our body.
	In time, we're dealing with problems with both our biological clocks.
	Some time later, things with problems with our biological clock.
	Some may even create problems with our biological clock later.
	Ort creates problems with our biological clock later.
	Some seconds there will create problems with our biological clock.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: This species of seagull is not a resident of the island, but will sometimes rest here a while.
Top 25 Translations
	The sea herd has no residents but has at times been left to stay there. The Bible's counsel applies to them: "Do not be anxious over anything, that your heart may not see good for all the nations, but it may impart to your servant an assurance that you are the Supreme One. "
	There are no residents in this vast group of sea creatures; it may sometimes take some time for them to stay here.
	In some parts of the island, there may seem to be no inhabitants there; at times it remains a temporary refuge.
	Not a resident is living in this throng of the sea. It may even take a while to live here.
	" I am not alone.'" This large group of seamakers may not have had a time, " says the apostle Paul.
	In contrast, the island is located on a vast shore, where it lies in the eastern coast of the north, near the south, and in the south of Australia, where there is a peak of 1,040 miles [70 km] above sea level.
	This particular species of islands, of the bottom, may at times be comfortable here for some time.
	This is not the island of the Sea bottom but can at times rest here for a while.
	It is possible to help these people to learn about God, who cares about them, who is "the One teaching them to benefit themselves, the One causing the heart to rejoice. "
	This species of the beach is not inhabited by the island, but it can sometimes take some rest here.
	It may be possible to put this species, not from the island population, but at times here for one time.
	This species, not of the islands of the sea, can sometimes be laid here for a while. In the United States, it was the largest population in the world.
	This species of people of the sea can sometimes be used here for an occasion. We can thus be sure that Jehovah has provided us with food for them and that he will supply us with food and water as well as for us when we need it.
	In recent years, the family has grown up as a whole in this world's population in the Soviet Union, where the country has grown in number. In many parts of the world, there has been a number of problems, including family obligations.
	It may be possible to leave the island for some time, but this species of the sea species may occasionally be located there, and it may be difficult to stay there for some time.
	This species of this sea species, however, may not be able to live to rest at some point, and they may have to spend some time away from its native inhabitants.
	Some of these are unusual, but there is little room for lodging from the island, not in the island, but sometimes at times.
	But there is little room in this sea nation for a visit, not an island resident, but for occasional rest.
	In fact, it has been said that the birds of the sea are in a position to sleep on the earth, but they have not had enough time for it to take place until they reach their destination.
	But this nation of sea may be not a place for light, so there may be times when there are times when there is little room for it to live, not the island's inhabitants.
	Sometimes, though, it would be easy to get here for a bit of rest.
	However, once again the need for comfort is at least three months gone.
	But at times a little longer will be made there. But then there will be no room to settle for a long time.
	At some point, it is difficult to find out what was happening in that area and how it is now being made.
	It is the only hope of a new Kingdom Hall, one that will be built into the Most Holy, the earth - wide home of Jehovah's Witnesses and the Paradise of God's Kingdom.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Doesn't it strike you as strange that it's the middle of May and it's snowing?
Top 25 Translations
	It's not strike with that as strange as it's between May and it comes snow?
	Isn't it snowing and it coming snow, as strange as you it is that it's between May?
	Is it not the strike that's happening to you as weird as it's not having between May and does it fall snow?
	Is it not striking and it snowing you as weird as it is that it's between May?
	Is it not killing you as funny that this is among May and it's coming to snow?
	It didn't seem strange to you that between May and that it's snowing that you don't strike?
	It's not weird to think about it between May and it's iceking that's not strike you?
	Don't you think this is strange between May and that it is snowing that don't strike you?
	This isn't strange to you, between May and it's snowing that strikes you, doesn't it?
	Don't you think it's funny between May and it's snowing that you haven't strike?
	It's not weird to think that it's between the May and it's going to strike you as that ice is going?
	It is not strange to think that it is between May and is it the snowing as you don't strike?
	Doesn't it make you think that it is between May and it's snowing as you strike?
	It'sn't funny if you think this is middle of May and that it's touching you as it's going to snow?
	It isn't strange to think of you as it is among May and that it's going to be snow-limped as you strike?
	This isn't a funny strike for you that it's middle of May... and that it's getting ice?
	This isn't strike you like weirdly that this is between May... and this snow going on?
	Isn't it weird to strike you that it's between May... and this ice going into it?
	This isn't strike you too funny that it is between May...and is it growing ice?
	This isn't the kind of striking you out that it's between May...and is it snowing?
	It is weird that it's middle of May that and it's going through the snow to kill you?
	Don't it kill you as weird that it's the middle of May that and that it's going on snow running to snow?
	It's as funny to you as that it is between May and it's going through the snow, is it not going to kill you?
	This is as weird as that it is between May and it's going to kill you doesn't it?
	Is it strange that it's middle of May that and it's going to kill you as ice is funny to you?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I didn't stay behind because I wanted to, I did so because it was my duty.
Top 25 Translations
	Because I wanted, I didn't go back, I'm because it was my duty.
	Because I wanted to, I wasn't staying behind, because it was my duty.
	Because I wanted to, I wasn't being back, because it was my duty.
	Because I wanted, I wasn't staying back, because it was my duty.
	Since I wanted, I wasn't staying back, because it was my duty.
	Because I didn't put behind because I wanted to, so I have done it because it was my duty.
	I did it because I didn't want to, I'd do it so because it was my duty.
	Because I didn't put back on it because I wanted it, so I did it because it was my duty.
	Since I did not put behind it because I desired it, then I did it because it was my duty.
	I didn't stay behind because I wanted to, so I did it so because it was my duty.
	I was meant to be behind because I wanted to be back, so I did this... it was my duty.
	I wanted to, because I wanted to keep back... so I did... this was my duty.
	I wanted to, because I wanted to remain behind, so I did it... it was my duty.
	I wanted to be behind because I wanted to, so I also did that... it was my duty.
	So I wanted to stay back for... so I did it... it was my duty.
	Because I wanted to, I shouldn't stay behind, I did it because it was my duty.
	I did this because I wanted to be back, I didn't have to be back, because it was my duty.
	I did it because I wanted to, I wouldn't stay behind, because it was my duty.
	I did that because I wanted to, I did not want to stay back, because it was my duty.
	I did so because I wanted to, I wouldn't stay back, because it was my duty.
	I didn't leave behind because I wanted to be executed, because I did it because it was my duty.
	Because I didn't keep behind because I wanted to be back, I done it because it was my duty.
	because I didn't put back for my sake, I did it because it was my duty.
	I did this because I wanted to go back for, because I didn't do that was my duty.
	Since I wanted to be back because I didn't, I did it because it was my duty.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: What angered me wasn't his resignation but the manner in which he did it.
Top 25 Translations
	I hadn't got to be angry... but what he did he'd done the way he did.
	What I was not angry... but he did the way in which he did.
	What I wasn't angry... but what he did did he did the way he did.
	You're not angry with me... but you're the way you did the better you did.
	I didn't get angry, but that way he did the way he did.
	What angry I did, he didn't control its control, but as he did it by the way I could.
	I didn't have the control of what angry I did but the way he did it.
	I was angry, I didn't control the rage but just like she did it the way I could.
	What angry I wasn't able to control it but the way he did it.
	What I was angry he didn't get his control but just the way he did it.
	I wasn't getting angry, but that was exactly the way they did that.
	I wasn't getting angry what... but not just the way they did that.
	I was mad... but it wasn't the way they did that.
	I was angry at him, but that wasn't like how he did that.
	It was a rage... but that's not what they did.
	I had a great deal of temper... but the way he did it, he did the way he did.
	How upset I was... but how the way he did this, he did it.
	I've seen the way he did this to me... but the way he did it.
	I was so angry... but the way she did it, she'd have done it.
	I was so furious... but the way that he did it was, the way he did it.
	What I didn't overreact to, but the way he did it was that way.
	I was the way he did, not mad at me.
	I was that way, not my anger, but the way he did.
	I was the way he did not angry me but the way he did.
	I didn't hurt me but in that way he did.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: If you can't make out what's written, change the zoom level and it'll become clearer.
Top 25 Translations
	You can't exit, change the zoom level and it will become clear.
	You cannot exit, change the zoom level and it'll become clear.
	You can't exit, change zoom level and it'll become clear.
	You cannot exit, change the zoom level, and it will become clear.
	You can't quit, change the zoom level and it'll become clear.
	You can't do that write, change the zoom level and it'll become clear.
	You can not write that, change the zoom level and it'll become clear.
	You can't say what's written, change Zoom Level and it'll become clear.
	You can't write that, change the zoom level and it'll become clear.
	You can't say which is written, change zoom level and it'll become clear.
	What you could not create exit that will be written, change the zoom level and it will become clear.
	What you can't create out that will not create, change the zoom level and it will become clear.
	That's what you can't create out that, change zoom level and it will be clear.
	What you can not create out, change the zoom level and it will become clear.
	What you may not create outside that says change the zoom level and it will become clear.
	If you can't create whatever's written that can, change in zoom level, and it will be clear.
	If you can not create out what it says, it can change to zoom levels, and it will become clear.
	If you cannot create out what it says, change into zoom level, and it will become clear.
	If you cannot create outside what it says, change in zoom level, and it will be obvious.
	If you cannot create what it says, changes the zoom level, and it will become clear.
	If you cannot eject what is written, change the zoom level and it will become clear.
	If you can not exit what it says, change zoom level and it will become clear.
	If you cannot exit what is written, change the zoom level and it will become clear.
	If you can not exit what is written, change the zoom level and it will become clear.
	If you can not start out what it is written, change the zoom level and it will become clear.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: There's a wide range of issues that we need to discuss as soon as possible.
Top 25 Translations
	There's an extensive limit on that issues as possible, as soon as we could.
	As far as we possibly could, there is a wide limit to that issues.
	Well, there is an extended limit of that issues as soon as we can.
	As soon as we could, there's a detailed limit of that issues.
	There is a wide range of issues as soon as we can speak.
	There's a wide limit of issues that we need to discuss as soon as possible.
	There's a wide limit on which we need to consider as soon as possible.
	There is a wide limit of points that we need to discuss as soon as possible.
	There's a broad limit of issues that we need to discuss as soon as possible.
	There's a wide limit of points that we need to discuss as soon as possible.
	A discussion of some advanced range of issues needs to be discussed as soon as we can.
	A discussion of the extended range of some points needs to be discussed so that we may have as quickly as we can.
	You need to discuss the wide range of some points to what we could be quick as soon as possible.
	A discussion of the detailed range of some points needs to be discussed as soon as we can.
	Something detailed range of points needs to be considered as quickly as we can.
	We need to discuss as quickly as that might have to be a wide limit of that issues.
	We may need to discuss as soon as that might have been an extended limit of the issues.
	We need to discuss as quickly as that might have to be a wide limit of that issues.
	We might quickly have to discuss that points has a wide limit of that points.
	We may need to discuss as quickly as that might be a wide limit of the issues.
	There's a wide series of issues that we need to discuss soon.
	There is a broad series of issues we need to have to discuss soon.
	There's a wide series of issues which we need to discuss soon.
	There's a wide series of points we need to discuss soon.
	There's a wide sequence of issues we need to discuss soon.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Despite being wounded in the battle, the solider fought on and was awarded a medal for bravery.
Top 25 Translations
	Despite being wounded in a battle, there was a constant fight and they were granted an office to be courageous.
	Despite being wounded in battle, they were fought in strong warfare and were provided a position to be courageous.
	Although injured in the fight, they were waged in a sure fight and provided a position to be courageous.
	Despite being wounded in battle, they were fought in the sound battle and provided a position to be brave.
	In spite of being injured in battle, there was fought in the strongest battle and provided a position to be courageous.
	Despite the wounds of the war, strong battle was started and they were rewarded with postwar action to become valiant.
	Despite being injured in a war, strong battle broke out and they received an prize of position to be courageous.
	Despite being wounded, firm fighting was begun, and they were rewarded with a crown of position to be courageous.
	Despite the casualties in the war, the strong war broke out and they were rewarded with positionahnodes to be courageous.
	Despite the fighting, firm battle was taken up and the reward for being brave was given. But this did not end with the war itself.
	Despite being wounded in war, strong battled and courageous people were honored to be in an office.
	Even in spite of being injured in the war, strong fighting was respected by courageous men in an office. As a result, Jehovah's Witnesses have maintained their respect for the authorities, and this has brought rich rewards for their fine conduct.
	In spite of the battle injured, strong fighting and brave individuals were honored as ranked as a position.
	Despite being injured in the battle, firm warfare was blessed for the fighting and courageous men were honored as a position of oversight in the battle.
	Despite being wounded in the war, strong battle took a strong stand and brave people were honored as ranked on a position.
	Despite being wounded in war, war became strong and was granted honor to a brave military commander. It was in line to have Jehovah's approval.
	Despite being wounded, a strong war was given him an honor for the brave.
	Despite being wounded in war, a strong war took place and was held the honor of an an Injury for brave action.
	Despite the war, there was strong war, and she was respected for her braveness.
	Despite being injured in war, there was strong war and it was honored for the braveness.
	In the face of the fight, those firm battlepers made a fight and placed it to be well - known. But they did not recognize that Paul had been the leader of the congregation.
	Even when wounded in a battle, the firmest fought and was granted a status of well - known importance.
	Despite being wounded in the battle, the firmest fighting fought and was granted an office of reputation.
	In spite of being wounded in a fight, the toughest armed men took up fighting and were assigned to live a reputation for being well - known.
	Despite being wounded in the battle, the strong warrior took up a fight and was given a reputation for being well - known.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The rain will persist for most of the morning, but we are expecting a brighter afternoon.
Top 25 Translations
	But we are waiting just as soon as we are concerned about our day. It is a joy to have a share in the ministry, to have a share in it, and to be a part of this new system of things.
	However, we wait to see just how we can do so in the late afternoon. It will be a time when Jesus was on earth, and he will resurrect his faithful apostles.
	However, we have good reason to wait for the early afternoon hours to take place. In that way, we may well begin to wonder whether we would like to do so.
	We hope, however, to see very near the end of the day, when we will not see a "day of Jehovah " again. We are waiting for what we are looking for soon to go on.
	We wait for the time ahead. We look forward to the day when we will enjoy the fulfillment of God's promises.
	When we return to our village and return, we look for shelter from the rain, and we are confident that Jehovah will remember us when he promises that his promised new system of things is at hand.
	The rains usually close the door for the early morning, but we look forward to the bright morning light.
	When we return, we wait for it to be at our table, or we are in bed, where we are waiting for it. But if we do, it's just too late to wake up.
	We are looking forward to the morning hours when we get up and get up in the morning to do something that we would like to enjoy at night.
	It is easy to feel that way, since it has been the best time to get to know each other and to show respect for the Creator, Jehovah God.
	If we feel that way, we will have little meaning in life.
	If we do not expect this, we can be assured that Jehovah will soon reward all that we expect of him in his due time.
	And without such hope, each day of life without meaning would be gone. If we were to live in this old world, would we not be happy to learn what the world is all about?
	We need not expect that all the world will have little meaning but will be filled with more of God's spirit and a more meaningful life.
	But if we hope that Jehovah will fulfill his promises, there is more reason for us to be on guard against such an outcome.
	For most of the mornings, that rain would turn out, but it is expected that there would be a glorious afternoon.
	The rains would be much cold, but we are expecting a magnificent afternoon. The rains will be cut down much of the morning.
	It is the spring of the month in which the earth will be filled with peace, prosperity, and prosperity - Jehovah will provide it for all in the restored earthly Paradise.
	This cloud is much dark, but it is expected to be a glorious noontime.
	This abundant rain, in turn, will last, but we expect it to be a grand afternoon.
	The rain is often lasted until early morning, but we are expecting a glorious 1: 00 p.m. when the rains begin to mount, so we can expect to get back to our normal routine.
	The rain is at rest most during the morning, but we are expecting a glorious afternoon.
	The rain remains for most of the morning, but we're hoping for a glorious afternoon.
	The rain continues to last until the very early morning, but we hope we will get a glorious afternoon.
	In the early part of the morning and in the afternoon, we may well be wondering whether the rain would give us a glorious afternoon.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: In the mating season, the male of the species calls out with a distinctive gu-gu sound.
Top 25 Translations
	On a squabbling time, the species male invites out a special girl.
	In time, race males call out of an exclusive girl.
	At period, the species males call out from an exclusive girl.
	At length, the species male calls out from the distinct girl.
	On a date, the species male calls out from a specific girl.
	In the middle of the wedding, the male of the species call out with a specific pou - Cau - looking sound.
	In marriage time, males of the races call out with a special uade - Caau - looking sound.
	In weddings, males of races call out with a specific uupe -- Cau - Linga.A's sound.
	In marriage time, males of the races call out with a distinctive uade - Cau - Elu-Call out the sound.
	In a marriage time, the male of the races calls out with a distinctive uue-- Cau - LU-A calls out.
	The male of the species calls out with a specific gau-u-uu-uy sound during the wedding season.
	The race males call out with a specific prou-Uu-uy sound at the wedding season.
	At the wedding season, males of the race call out with an unusual prou-au -u sound.
	In marriage, race males call out with a unique tribeu-u-u, sound.
	At a wedding season, the male of the tribe calls out with a special trigger-au-au-up sound.
	When the baby gets married, then the female male calls out with a specific girl.
	When the baby gets married, the female males call out with a special girl.
	When the baby gets married, then the female's male call out with a specific girl.
	When the baby gets married, then the female male call out with a specific girl.
	When the child gets married, the male of the female calls out with a unique girl.
	When male hears a unique girl's voice.
	And when the male hears the voice of a unique girl.
	When the male hears a unique girl's voice.
	When the male sounds a unique girl's voice.
	When male hears the voice of a specific girl.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Marie Curie, one of the best-known pioneers in working with radiation, died in 1934.
Top 25 Translations
	Marie Kari died in 1934 from one of the most famous pioneers working with radiation.
	Mary Kerry died in 1934 of the most known pioneers working with radiation.
	Mary Kerry died in 1934, one of the most known pioneer ministers working with radiation.
	Marie Kiry died in 1934 of the most prominent pioneer who was working with radiation.
	Marie Kerry died in 1934 of the most prominent pioneers working with radiation.
	Mary Corry, a famous pioneer, was working with radiation for two and a half years, died in 1934.
	Marie Corry, a famous pioneer, was working with radiation a couple of years ago, died in 1934.
	Marie Corry, a prominent pioneer, died in 1934 with radiation before two and a half years.
	Marie Corri, a famous pioneer, died in 1934, before two and a half years.
	Mary Kori, a respected pioneer, was working with radiation for two and a half years before, died in 1934.
	Marie Kutari, a noted pioneer, who was working with radiation, died in 1934.
	Marie Kutarie, a well - known pioneer who was working with radiation, died in 1934.
	Marie Kurry Ketari, a noted pioneer who served in radiation, died in 1934.
	Mari Kurry Kutary, a learned pioneer who was working with radiation, died in 1934.
	Marie Kuitari, a well - known pioneer working with radiation, died in 1934.
	I was the most well - known pioneer minister in 1934, doing radiation work with my o'clock in the morning.
	My family had also been in a hospital, and I was transferred from house to house. Then in 1934, I received an assignment to serve where the need for Witnesses was greater.
	As one of those men, a prominent pioneer with Katuri worked with me in radiation, he died in 1934.
	In 1934, I was transferred to the Prevenari's camp, where I was born in the Netherlands for four years. In September 1934, I was baptized as a regular pioneer in symbol of my dedication to Jehovah God.
	In 1934 my uncle's health deteriorated, and I was appointed a circuit overseer for a month later, and in 1934, he had been a regular pioneer for three years.
	Marie Zami, one of the most famous pioneers, was acting with radiation, died in 2016.
	Maurimi, one of the most famous pioneers, was working with radiation, died in 2016.
	Mawemi, one of the most popular pioneers, was working with radiation, died in 2016.
	Mamimi, one of the most well - known pioneers who was working with radiation, died in 2016.
	Mauritmi, one of the most famous pioneers working with radiation, died in 2016.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Deep sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous business.
Top 25 Translations
	But it is also important to keep our eyes open. " The seek of deep deep ocean oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The discovery of deep ocean oil is a dirty and dangerous business. This is one of the most common forms in the world's history.
	A search for water in the deep deep ocean oil is an dirty and dangerous trade.
	The quest for deep deep sea oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The pursuit of deep ocean oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	" The search for deep water oil is a dirty and dangerous trade, " states The New York Times.
	This is especially so because of the fact that most people today view oil as a place of worship, a means to avoid being swept away by it.
	The search for deep water oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The search for water oil - deep is a dirty and dangerous business. We cannot afford the oil of many different parts of the earth.
	" It's easy to get along well. " The seek of deep water is a dirty and dangerous trade.
	A search for deep bottomy sea oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The search for deep water oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The quest for deep sea oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	A search of deep sea oil is an dirty and dangerous business. It has also brought us great joy and pleasure to Jehovah's organization.
	In a similar way, we can easily avoid being swept away by materialism, materialism, and materialism.
	Deepwater oil is a unclean and dangerous business.
	The high water oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	It is a dirty and dangerous business. In fact, the oil of deepwater is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep water oil is a dirty and dangerous business. It is a precious oil that has been made up of people who have no love for God's Word.
	Deepwater oil is a filthy and dangerous business.
	A deep sea oil supply is a dirty and dangerous business. It is the most expensive oil ever found in the world of mankind.
	An extremely dangerous trade is seeking its oil. It is, in turn, "incite to love and be modest in walking with your God. "
	The discovery of deep ocean oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The Bible states: "Fillishing is a thing of great importance, as in the first century, for it is now the appointed times of the nations. "
	It is an unclean and dangerous trade to pursue deep ocean oil. It is a very dangerous one, and it can be very dangerous to start searching for oil.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Much of the neighbourhood was demolished in the 1940s when living conditions had deteriorated.
Top 25 Translations
	Many neighboring people lost their home, when the weather was dried in the 1940's.
	After the bad weather began, the majority of people in the neighborhood lost sight of the natural disasters that occurred in 1940.
	In 1940 when life was in chaos, the majority of the people living in neighboring towns fell victim to disasters.
	When the weather was dry in 1940, many neighbors in neighboring lands were devastated.
	In 1966, when the bad climate of living reached its very end, most neighboring people lost their lives.
	When conditions deteriorated in 1940, the vast majority of the villages were destroyed.
	In 1940 when things deteriorated, a total of villages were ravaged.
	After much of the settlement was damaged in 1966 in 1940, it was difficult to find a solution, as did some of my older brothers and sisters from other lands.
	In 1969, when conditions worsened, the village was most devastated.
	In 1940 most villages were destroyed when conditions deteriorated.
	After 1940 when life declined, most of that village's villages were thrown down.
	Later, when life deteriorated in 1940, most of the surrounding villages in the area were thrown down.
	After 1940, much of the nearby villages of the area were shattered by a state of desecration.
	After 1940, most of the surrounding villages were dropped when the condition of life worsened.
	After 1940 when life improved, most neighboring villages in the area were let down.
	Many areas of the island had ruined their circumstances back in the 1940's.
	In the 1940's the majority of the areas they had recovered were destroyed.
	Most areas of the island was destroyed in the late 1940's.
	Many of the areas in the Netherlands were destroyed when their circumstances changed in the 1940s of the 1940's.
	Most areas had been devastated since the time their situation had been improved in the 1940's.
	Many villages were shattered when things had changed in the mid - 1940's.
	Many settlements were shattered after things had changed in the 1940's.
	Many were devastated when conditions had to be resolved in 1964 in the year 1940.
	In 1940, several villages were devastated when things changed.
	In 1940 the situation had ended when conditions had improved, and numerous villages had been damaged.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Scientists are yet to understand the full nutritional benefits of the humble olive.
Top 25 Translations
	Even scientists can still see the benefits of the healthful olive tree with its soft green grass.
	Scientists still can understand fully the good effects on the humble olive's green grass. They have also developed a close relationship with God and the Bible's promise of everlasting life in Paradise on earth.
	Scientists can still fully understand the beneficial results of the lowly olive tree's yellow - green grass.
	Scientists still can relate to the beneficial effects on the mild olive's yellow grass. They can still understand the results of its mild, green, and bitter olive tree.
	Scientists are still able to better understand the beneficial effects associated with the soft olive tree. It is a beautiful beautiful sight to see from this, for example, how the tree may grow to maturity.
	But the Bible shows that this was the case. It was not easy for the Israelites to do what they had to eat.
	However, the benefits of feeding the olive tree are applied in the Bible, and many of these have been greatly benefited. They have come to understand that Jehovah is using his human servants to care for their needs.
	Yet, the Bible provides practical and beneficial information on the use of olive oil and can be found on the side of one tree in which we are now living.
	Yet, the Bible offers practical benefit from the food from the olive tree and has a profound impact on some of these.
	Nevertheless, the Bible has provided benefits of feeding the olive tree, and it has had a profound influence on some of these.
	But until the olive tree is not received, it may be illustrated that it benefits the best. The olive trees can often be found in the olive tree if they do not contain its olive tree.
	By the time the olive is not found, however, it is used to illustrate how well the food and drink would benefit it. In contrast, the olive tree can be measured by how much food and drink it can produce.
	Until the olive trees are found, however, it can be seen how this can help to improve the variety of eating and drinking.
	Until the olive tree has been found, however, you might try to discern how this benefits your use of food and drink.
	However, until an olive tree is found, it may be recommended that it benefit from the best of food and drink.
	However, like a olive tree, some people may not perceive the benefits they derive from partaking of the olive tree, including the olive tree.
	Some would taste the olive - like a olive tree, but like some, they would not see how they benefit from the feeding and drinking of olive trees.
	Some may even taste an olive olive tree like that. Yet others do not realize the benefits that this results from eating and drinking of the fruit of the olive tree.
	Some simply taste such olive olive trees, but like some, they cannot appreciate the benefits of eating and drinking of olives.
	Still, some who like olive trees enjoy the taste of olive fruit, though, even as some did, so do those who do not perceive the benefits of eating and drinking olive trees.
	What can be done, however, that it could become part of the trees below of earth's ground, and what can it do?
	How, however, can it possibly become part of the tree under the earth, and what could it do? How does it possibly become a part of the trees below of the earth, and what can it do?
	But how can it possibly become part of the tree under the ground, and what can it do?
	How, though, could it become a part of the tree below the earth, and what could it do?
	How, though, can it be possible to become part of a tree under the heavens, and what can it do?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You can come and observe us performing this operation, if you want.
Top 25 Translations
	If you can come and see it operate, you can come and see.
	You can come and we can see how it works, if you want.
	If you can come and see it operation, you can come and get away, if you want.
	You can come and we can see it operate, if you want.
	You can come and see us how this operation is conducted, if you want.
	If you come... and we see this operation performing, if you want.
	If you come... and we see this operation perform, you're gonna like to do it.
	If you come... and we can see this operation performing, if you want.
	And you come... and we see this operation display, if you want.
	If you come... and we see the operation performing, if you want.
	If you come and we can see this operation done, if you want.
	You come and we can see this operation done, if you want.
	You come and we can see how this operation works, if you want.
	You come and we can see this operation done, if you want.
	You come and if we see this operation done, you want.
	If you come and see we operate this operation, if you want.
	If you come and see us act this operation, you will, if you want.
	You've come and see us perform this operation, if you want.
	You come and see us perform this operation, if you want.
	You've come and see us perform this surgery, if you want.
	And you can come and give us this operation performed, if you want.
	And you can come and perform this operation, if you want.
	You can come and show us this operation, if you want.
	You can come and display this operation, if you want.
	You can come and act with this operation, if you want.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Bears used to be very widespread in this part of the country, but nobody has seen one for ten years.
Top 25 Translations
	Some think that they can do these things and serve in foreign lands. Others may feel that there is no reason to be ashamed of the work they do in other lands.
	To many, these things are not easy. Some think that they can do such things and that they can move to other lands.
	Some have felt that this way of doing things or in foreign assignments is a source of joy. Others realize that it is too late that they could serve where the need is greater.
	Some people have felt that they could serve and have such work done in other lands.
	Others feel that this is their job and that they are in the full - time ministry in other lands. Others feel that they can do this and do it.
	This part in the United States was very popular, but no one was aware of one of the problems it was to do for another for ten years.
	The United States was to be popular in this part of, but nobody could see one for ten years.
	This feature of the United States was to be very popular, but nobody had observed one for ten years.
	The part of the United States was about to be popular, but no one would have looked to one another for ten years.
	It was a popular part of the U.S. country, but no one saw a certain one for ten years.
	They were so surprised to know that they were not allowed to live by what they did to teach their girls to do.
	Some were surprised to know that they could be assigned to conform to their religious convictions.
	It is hard to know that some people would be surprised to know that they could be asked to conform to their way of life.
	Some were shocked to know that they could be asked to submit to their secular work.
	Some were surprised to learn that they could be assigned to live in harmony with their visas.
	The number of this population is few now, but one has seen another for ten years.
	Today, the number of the people in this country is relative, but no one has seen each other for ten years.
	This is the case when the number of the population has declined to be relatively few - for about ten years.
	Although it has been relatively small today, the people have seen the world over for over ten years.
	Today the population is little, but any one has seen one another for ten years.
	How can one who has a mental attitude help him to feel that he has a serious sense of responsibility?
	(b) How might a young man's attitude be tested in a very similar way?
	(b) What is the attitude that a young man must adopt, in the sense that he has a serious sense of urgency?
	(b) How can a young person's attitudes be affected by the threat of losing his grip on material things?
	(b) What attitude might a youth have in itself feel a real threat to his or her relationship with Jehovah?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Ben was summoned to the court for jury duty, but took a doctor's note with him and was excused.
Top 25 Translations
	Ben was called into court for jury duty, but with him was a doctor's comment and he was set free.
	Ben was called in court for jury duties, but with him a physician commented and declared them uninvolved.
	Ben was called to the court for jury duty, but with him a medical comment was made, and he was declared innocent.
	Ben was called to court for jury duty, but he received a medical note and was declared innocent.
	Ben was called in court for jury duty, but with him a doctor's comments and he was declared innocent.
	Ben was offered in court for the jury duty, but a doctor with him commented and excused. A few years later, he was appointed as presiding overseer of the congregation of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	Ben was presented in court for jury duty, but with her a doctor's comments and forgiveness were granted.
	We had a fine experience with the Witnesses, and in December 1994, we moved to Mexico, where we were assigned in order to get married and continue to care for the needs of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	Ben's jury duty was presented in court, but his comments were accompanied by a doctor, and he was excused.
	Ben's jury duty was brought up in court, but he took a doctor's comment and was excused.
	Ben was sent the Court for a jury duty, but a doctor listened with him and forgave him.
	Ben was sent to the courts for jury duty, but a doctor noticed and forgave him.
	Ben was sent to a court for jury duty, but one of the doctors took his attention and excused him.
	Ben was transferred to the court for jury duty, but a doctor noticed with him and granted forgiveness. He was informed of why he could not pay the case in case of jury duty.
	Ben was sent to court for jury work, but a doctor listened with him and forgave him.
	Ben was taken to court for jury duty but considered the thinking of a doctor and was granted an apology. The case was not that of Ben.
	Ben was taken to a court for a jury duty, but he was given an opinion of a doctor, and she was granted an apology.
	Ben was taken to court for jury duty but looked to the doctor's viewpoint and was granted an apology.
	Ben was taken to court for jury duty but listened to a doctor's thinking and was granted an apology.
	Ben was brought up to court for jury duty but took a doctor's mind and was granted an apology.
	Ben was called into the court for jury duty, but he was along with a physician who took comments and was forgave.
	Ben was called into court for jury duty, but with him was a physician comment, and he was granted forgiveness.
	Ben was called into the courts for jury work, but with him a doctor's comments and was excused.
	Ben was called in court for jury duty, but a physician was accompanied with him and was excused.
	Ben was called in court for a jury duty, but a physician with him received an note and was excused.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The police crossed four states in pursuit of the bank robber.
Top 25 Translations
	The police took four countries to seek a bribe. The police also helped people to learn a trade.
	The police searched four countries for a bankman in search of a banker.
	The police searched for four countries as a thief, and soon after the first world war, there was a need for the police to search for them.
	The police searched four countries for a bankman, and the police took three countries to the police station and set them up for a bank.
	The police searched four countries for a banker.
	The police took the money out of four companies after the bank. The police beat the driver and threatened him with his debts.
	The police passed four kingdoms into the pursuit of the businessman. The police even tried to prevent him from getting away with his former life - style.
	The police crossed four kingdoms after the banker.
	The police took four states to pursue the banker's bank.
	The police went through the four states after the bankman's bankman.
	When the police came, they were killed and were sent to the concentration camp.
	The police took over the four kingdoms in search of bank soldiers.
	Police crossed the four states looking for his bank soldiers.
	In time, however, the brothers in Germany came into a position to defend their faith with the help of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	The police took on the four states in the quest for bank soldiers.
	One police took four lands after the bankers, but after more than one year, the police returned and searched for more money.
	In time, however, he got involved in drug abuse. One police took four countries into flight after the bankers.
	A police officers set out four countries after a banker, using a gunmen as a means to get on with their lives.
	One police put up a four - story pursuit by the bankers.
	A police, incited by the bank robbers, attacked four countries, and the police found their way back to France and gave them money to buy money from the bank.
	One policeman said that the bank crossed four kingdoms after searching for a thief. But what did he do?
	One policeman said that the bank crossed the four kingdoms seeking a robber. One of the police said: "I can't trust the bank to kill you.
	One police told us that the bank took over four kingdoms looking for robbers.
	One man told us that the bank swept the four kingdoms in search of robbers.
	One of the police stated that the money went over the four kingdoms in search of robberies.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: After three years of recession, the country's economy is finally looking a lot healthier.
Top 25 Translations
	After three year's mother, the state economy is finally looking pretty healthy.
	After three years' mother, the state economy is finally looking very healthy.
	Three years after my mother, the country's economy seems to be seeing a lot of healthy at the end.
	Three years after mother, the state's economy is finally looking pretty healthy.
	After three years, country's economy is finally watching it's pretty healthy.
	After three years out of taxes... the state economy seems to be very healthy at the end of this year.
	After three year-old wages... the state economy seems to be getting very much better at last.
	After three years of work... the economy of the country seems to look pretty healthier now in the latter part of the world.
	After three year-year-old, the land economy seems much better in the end.
	After 3 year's pay, the land economy sounds very healthy now in the end.
	Three years later in the year this country's economy appears to appear very healthy in the end.
	Three years later, the economy in this country seems to seem very healthy in the end.
	Three years after the year this country's economy seems at the end to look quite more healthy.
	Three years from now, the economy of this country looks so much healthier at home at the end of the year.
	Three years after the year, this country's economy appears to appear very healthy at the end of this world's economy.
	Once three years of work in the country economy, it seems to be very healthy all right at last.
	After I've worked for three years in the state economy, it finally feels very healthy.
	After three years of work in the State business, there's finally it's a great lot of healthy.
	After working for three years in country economy, it seems very healthy finally.
	After three years in the state's economy, it's finally very healthy.
	Three years after, the economic situation in the country is getting better at last.
	After three years, the economic situation of the country is getting better in the last few years.
	Three years later, the country's economic conditions are getting better at last.
	After 3 years, the economic situation of the country is getting better at last.
	After three years, the economic situation in the country is becoming better at last.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We altered our final forecast of yearly profits due to more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
Top 25 Translations
	We had changed our final forecast that every year because of the good advertising and trade costs, all of us were forecasting our entire round - trip each year.
	" We have been doing a very fine job. We had made our final impression that each year for an average of our hours as well as for a commercial cost, we are making total forecasts every year.
	We had changed our final estimates that each year we've been forecasting all our lives for the proper advertising and business costs.
	We made a final guess that each year we were forecasting full - time each year because of just advertising and business expenses. We had to learn to make sure that we did not have to waste our money to pay for what they did for us.
	Our final estimates had changed that every year, because of the justified advertising and trade cost, we are producing complete forecasting every year.
	We turn our final forecasts that the more accurate advertising and business costs cost require an annual wage. But in these last days, there have been over 220 million Witnesses in more developed lands.
	We change our final forecasts that much accurate advertising and business costs require annual income. As we work in this world's economy, the commercial industry is not going to become the world's largest industry in the world.
	Our ultimate forecast is that more accurate advertising and business costs require annual income. The increase, however, in the economic, and the demand for material things has increased the cost of income.
	We change our final forecasts that more accurate advertising and business costs require annual income.
	We turn our final forecasts that further accurate advertising and commercial cost require annual earnings. In addition, the commercial system is a waste of time, as a result of it, and the economic cost is the same.
	We are taking the initiative to expose the latest information on our daily life - style that can damage genuine advertising and business business each year.
	In some cases, it may be appropriate for us to check the information carefully, as it were, to take a closer look at what is being said, or to make an effort to talk to others about the matter.
	In view of their limitations, the Bible is saying: "Look! The world is passing away and so is its desire, but he that does the will of God remains forever. "
	We are turning our attention to our daily material, so that we can harm real commercial and business life each year.
	In the meantime, we may not be able to get a job, so there may be things in the world that we have no time to get on the work that we spend on it before we do what is good for ourselves.
	We've changed our daily forecasts...cause of more accurate advertising and business costs.
	We've changed your daily forecasts because of further accurate commercial and business costs.
	We changed our daily forecasts because of more accurate advertising and business costs.
	We've transformed our daily forecasts... because more accurate advertising and business cost.
	We have changed our daily forecasts... because more accurate advertising and business cost.
	We've changed our final guess that each day the cost of effective advertising and business expenses are made to work every year.
	We have turned our final estimated that each year the cost of accurate advertising and business expenses have been a result of worldwide work. And we do not give up on the commercial media because of the lack of love and attention they once enjoyed in their business work.
	We've changed our last calculation that daily true commercials and business expenses are to be used for employment each year.
	We have changed our last estimates that daily accurate ads and business expenses are meant for the work every year.
	We've changed our final calculation that each day it is done each year because of the amount of true advertising and business expenses.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Two wolves ran through the forest in pursuit of a deer.
Top 25 Translations
	Two wolves from inside the woods was run in the pursuit of a hunter.
	There were two wolves running from inside the jungle in the pursuit of a hunter.
	Two wolves were running from inside the forest as a hunter.
	Two wolves from inside the wilderness were running in the pursuit of a hunter.
	Two wolves were running inside the forest in run by a hunter.
	Two wolves rushed through the woods for a deer's chase.
	Two wolves ran through the forest after a deer.
	Two wolves ran through the woods for a deer's chase.
	Two wolves ran through the forest in pursuit of a deer.
	Two wolves fled by through the woods for a deer's chase.
	Two wolves went in search of a deer in the midst of the wild forest.
	The two wolves walked between the wild forest in search of a deer.
	Two wolves went among the wild forest looking for a deer.
	Two wolves went among the wild wild forest looking for a deer.
	Two wolves went among the wild forest looking for a deer.
	Two wolves went in the forest looking for a roe.
	Two wolves went into the forest for a deer's search.
	Two wolves went in the wilderness looking for a deer.
	Two wolves in the forest looking for a rabbit went into the forest.
	Two wolves wandered in the forest looking for a deer.
	The look of a hunter ran out two wolves in the wilderness.
	Two wolves ran in the forest looking for a hunter.
	In search of a hunter ran into the forest smiting two wolves.
	There ran out two wolves in the woods looking for a hunter.
	It ran out of two wolves beating into the wilderness as a hunter looking for a hunter.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The economy touches every aspect of our lives.
Top 25 Translations
	Economic assistance touches every aspect of our lives. The apostle Paul warned: "Be in good courage; be courageous and strong. "
	Economic help touches every facet of our lives.
	Economic help touches every aspect of our life. This article discusses why Jehovah God is pleased with those who serve him.
	Economic help touches every facet of our lives. Yet, we also need to keep on making decisions, asking God to help us keep our integrity.
	Money helps touch all aspects of our lives. It is a gift that helps us to cope with the pressures of life.
	Economic problems affect some face one facet of our lives, and they cause us to lose our spiritual focus in life.
	Economic problems present some aspect of our lives. But we are happy to be able to cope with them.
	Economic problems come on some face - to - face with some aspect of our life.
	Economic problems affect some face some aspect of our life. The world in general has so much to offer.
	Economic problems may affect some aspects of our lives.
	Our lives have all aspects of the world that are plagued by suffering. But there are good reasons for belief in God's Kingdom.
	All aspects of our lives strike us with a world that is at odds with human rule.
	Every aspect of our life comes to an end. In what ways do people's problems compare with those of the world?
	Each aspect of our life comes from the world, but what happens if we fail to act in harmony with God's laws and principles?
	All facet of life. We live in harmony with Jehovah's counsel to "become imitators of God. "
	Money can be gained on every facet of our lives.
	For example, a Christian's life is a life - threatening life, so we need to make sure that our money is spent at home and that we can continue serving God in his service and in his service.
	All aspects of our life can be made a valuable part of financial security.
	The pursuit of money is also a source of great joy to those who do not know God and the truth about him.
	Money can be gained in every aspect of our lives.
	Each aspect of our lives is being financially affected. Yet, we can be confident that our heavenly Father cares for those who love him.
	In many lands, we have been able to help people come to appreciate the Bible's promise of eternal life under God's Kingdom.
	Today we have every aspect of our lives being financially touched. It is even more difficult to understand why we are in a position to help others spiritually and materially.
	Today, each aspect of our life is being financially touched.
	Our lives are being rewarding financially. As a result, we enjoy a warm and happy family life.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Like most safety features, the air bag is very rarely used but when called upon, must operate perfectly.
Top 25 Translations
	Like most safety characteristics, air bag may be the very ones used, but when called, it needs to work fully.
	Like being most safety features, the air bag may be used too highly, but if called, it has to work fully.
	Like most safety features, air bags may have very much to do, but when called, it must work fully.
	Like the most security features, the air bag is usually used with great use, but when called, it needs to work fully.
	Like most safety attributes, air bag has seldom been used, but when it is said to have been done, it requires a complete job.
	Like the strongest security features, the air bag is not just used but must work fully when it is called.
	Like the most protective characteristic, the air bag does not use at least a fraction but needs to work fully when it is called.
	As to the ultimate security characteristics, air bags are not used lightly, but when they are called, it is necessary to carry them on a task completely.
	Like the most security feature, the air bag is not used in limited use, but when the person is invited, it must function fully. What are some ways to accomplish this?
	Like the most protective characteristic, air bag does not have a limited use, but when you are invited, it must work as a full - time evangelizer.
	Like the most safe aspect, the air bag is not at least used, but when prayers are offered, it must work totally.
	Like the most safe aspect, air bag is not very short, but when offered, it has to be done totally.
	Like the most safe aspect, air bag is not limited to use, but prayer must work wholeheartedly when it is being offered.
	The air bag doesn't have just a lower use of the security aspect, but when prayer is done, it has to work completely.
	Just like the most protective aspect, air bags do not have little use, but whenever praying, it is to function fully. The best course in life is to "do all things for your own advantage. "
	Like most safety features, air bags are at least used, but when you are invited, you need to act completely.
	Like most safety attributes, air bagings are used at least, but when we are invited to work fully.
	Like most protective features, air bags are usually used, but we have to act completely when we are called.
	Like much safety factors, air bags are used at least, yet when we are called to do something completely when doing so is done.
	As in most of the security features, air bags are sometimes used, but when we have been invited, work must be done completely.
	Like many security areas, air bags are frequently used but must be done completely when they are said to be done.
	Like many security features, the wind bag is used very little but must function in full when it is said to be done.
	Like most protection aspects, the air bag is rarely used but has to function fully when it is said to be done.
	Like much security features, air bag has to be used a little less, but when it is said to be being done, it must work fully.
	Like most safety factors, air bags are used only a small fraction but need to act totally when it is said to be it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The cup will remain here at the clubhouse for a month on display before being sent to the museum.
Top 25 Translations
	The baptism will continue for a month at a club hall until it is sent to the museum.
	The cup will remain in a club house for a year until receiving messages from the museum.
	This cup will last for a month at the club house until the museum is sent out.
	The box will remain in the club house for a month until the museum is sent out.
	That cup will be in the club house today for a month until sent out to the museum.
	In fact, the apostle Paul wrote to the Ephesian congregation of anointed brothers: "This is why you ought to be teachers in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, so that neither fornicators nor idolaters... nor adulterers will be teachers of men, just as the hypocrites also do, just as Jehovah has said. "
	The kitchen will continue to be stored in a club room for a month where the museum is sent. In the process, a cup is kept at the club store for a month.
	The cup will continue to be stored at a club room for a month when it is sent to the museum.
	The bowl will be held in a clubroom for a month when it is sent to the museum.
	In fact, a few minutes before the event has passed, there will still be plenty of lunchtimes, especially if the cup is held in the club room for one month when it is sent to the museum.
	The cups would live here for a month, before going out to the museum.
	The boxes will be lived here for a month at the club house before the museum was sent. But it would not be possible for those who could see it with great joy.
	The cups would live in the club office for one month before being sent to museums.
	The cup will stay there for a month before the museums were sent.
	The cup will be located here in the club house for a month before they were sent to the museum.
	Before viewing this, the cup will continue on a month - old club that will appear before sending the museum.
	Before seeing this, this cup will stay at a month's club that will appear before you send a museum.
	Before seeing it, the cup will continue on a month train that will appear before the Museum sends off its notice.
	This cup will remain in a month club before you send the museums. This will be the subject of a month's presentation.
	This cup will remain in a month - old club before passing to the museum.
	It will be kept in a clubhouse for a month, at times even before the museum is sent.
	It will be set up in a clubhouse for a month, sometimes even before the museum has been dispatched. This cup will be used for a month at a club.
	The cup will be kept in a club market for one month, sometimes even when the museum itself is sent out.
	This bowl will be kept in a clubroom for a month that will be shown in one month at a designated month, sometimes even when it is shown before the museum gets sent.
	The cup will be put in a clubroom today that will be shown one month at a designated time, sometimes before the museum sends out.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Jed ran the whole business after his father died and left him the company.
Top 25 Translations
	Upon his father's death, Jr. ran the business all through, and he went to that company.
	After her father's death, Joir fled in his business and pursued his business with that company.
	After his father's death, he ran in his business and went to his company. When he finished school, he found out that he had been part of the company.
	Following her father's death, Jr. ran the business all over and went to the company.
	Following her father's death, she joined the project and went out in the company.
	After this son died, I stopped the business and stopped him. I was very happy when my mother died.
	After he left his dad, I turned back on him and removed him from the job.
	I lost my son, who was in a traffic accident, and I turned my back on him.
	After her father's death, I abandoned the business business and turned it out that I lost the job.
	After his dad died, I quit the business scene and expelled him from the job. In time, I returned to England for about three months.
	And his father had fled from all his business after his death, and he freed him from association.
	When Jesus was about to be born, he had to go out of prison and preach to others about God's Kingdom.
	He even began to seek God's help, and he did so after his father's death and returned to the land of his own commerce and freedom from association.
	And it turned out to have him set out with the rest of his trade and released him from association, at the death of his father.
	After his father's death, Yang ran off his entire trade and was set free from association.
	Following his father's death, William ran with the whole trade, leaving him a company.
	After her father's death, Karl ran with the whole business and left her a company. But he did not know what he was going to do.
	After the death of his father, Josor ran with a business business, and he abandoned her to a company.
	After his father died, Karl ran from a business business and left it with a company.
	After his father's death, he ran with a whole business and left it to be a company.
	He then ran to his father's death and took him out of the company.
	Then he turned back to his father and took him out of the company.
	He then ran back to the death of his father, and he took him out of the company.
	Then he ran back to the death of his father, and he took it out of the company.
	Then he turned back to his father's death and took him out of the company.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The garden is a paradise for flowers in particular. We have seventeen varieties of roses.
Top 25 Translations
	We are grateful to be part of this beautiful garden of Eden, the place where we serve in God's arrangement for bringing the perfect human family to perfection.
	This garden is like a lovely garden, especially among flowers.
	In fact, the garden is like a luxuriant garden in which it was made of flowers, especially flowers.
	This garden, which is very much like a lovely garden, is much more than a garden of flowers.
	A garden in the garden of Eden, especially a beautiful garden, lies like a beautiful garden that gives shade or flowers, like the garden with its own leaves.
	The garden is a paradise for flowers. This garden is made up of a beautiful garden, a garden that produces flowers.
	The garden is a paradise for the flowers.
	It is also a beautiful garden for flowers. This garden is a paradise for flowers in the garden.
	The garden is a paradise for flowers. It is God's gift of life to all who desire it.
	It provides an abundance of abundant fruit for those who grow in love and wisdom and who have the prospect of living on earth under his Kingdom rule.
	The garden has become a garden of flowers, and its flowers have made them a flowers of 17 types of flowers.
	It has made gardens of flowers, its flowers, 17 of which have the same kind of flower.
	The garden has produced an orchard of flowers, a garden with an abundance of 17 flowers. The garden also produces a variety of flowers.
	That garden produced a garden and has made her flowers to blossom, from which there are 17 types of flowers.
	From it comes a garden that makes its flowers blossom, and its flowers bear 17 types of flowers.
	A delightful garden that produces flowers that abound with many flowers, such as the garden of Eden, gives a variety of flowers, and enables us to thrive on them.
	The garden is a beautiful garden in which flowers are fruitful and brings many flowers with flowers. We may be able to enjoy the warm hospitality and hospitality of the local brothers.
	It is a beautiful garden of flowers, springs of flowers and flowers. It can be likened to a garden without plants or flowers.
	The garden is for a delightful garden filled with flowers, and there are many flowers that grow from different springs of flowers.
	In contrast, it is beautiful gardening - a garden with flowers and flowers that flourish and with a variety of flowers.
	In the garden, we have a delightful garden that is found at a certain place. We have a garden that we can visit with a variety of flowers.
	We have a garden to be given at a certain spot to gather fruit - bearing flowers. We have a garden that we can see at the same location.
	When we arrive at a certain place, there is a large room in the garden of Eden. We have plenty to eat of and drink when there is an abundance of food and water for those in it.
	We have a garden in the garden where the flowers are found in a specific area. Our garden is a paradise, where we look for flowers.
	We also have a garden to provide flowers that are found on a certain spot. We have enough food and drink for several days and months to eat.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The terrible weather resulted in severe traffic delays and the closure of the airport.
Top 25 Translations
	After a few days, I returned to my assignment, where there was much work to do with the airport. But we did not realize that there was no way to get out of it.
	The weather was difficult and was fast speed at the airport to stop at airport, but there was so much noise that we would need to do so.
	At the airport, the weather had turned upside down and the airport was too rapidly. The delegates had already been in a new assignment to serve where there is a greater need.
	It took several hours to get by before we could drive the airport. To keep up, the weather had begun to cool off, and the plane was faster than ever before.
	At the airport, we reached an altitude of about 300 miles [800 km] from the north to south, and we were delighted that the airport was moving in to the west of New York City.
	We were assigned to the branch office of Jehovah's Witnesses in London and South America, where we served as branch servant in the local congregation of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	We were so fearful that they moved to the airport and, with the result, were at home with their beloved spiritual brothers and sisters to work as volunteers at our branch office.
	At one point I was surprised by the sight of my family who were studying the Bible with the Witnesses at a recent convention.
	The day was so severe that they began leaving the airport and moving to the airport.
	The weather was so fearful for them to move to the airport and access to airport waters.
	It took about two months to get there, and a half of my family were living in a rural village on the Pacific Ocean, where my father and my three brothers were living and my brother became seriously ill.
	In fact, the island's water supply was also used to transport rain - relief supplies to the areas where people could not drive, so we were forced to leave the airport for some time.
	In addition, in the United States, a group of people living near the airport got sick and died while their parents did not share their religious beliefs with their children.
	However, in this critical climate, road traffic was under way, including the floods of the airport.
	During the fiercest part of that season, the airport was covered with traffic jams, which were also flooded by the airport's flooding.
	Soon the airport became a cause of desolation, however.
	Soon, however, the airport came under ban. As a result, I had to make a move to the area where I was living.
	The airport, however, was soon a cause for permanent damage.
	But soon the airport became a cause for destruction. In the end, more than a quarter of the population lost their jobs.
	Soon the airport was in a point of death. We had no food, but it was not until the mid - 1970's.
	Because of traffic jams in this terrifying weather, airports had to be cut off as quickly as possible.
	The traffic jam in this fear - inspiring weather led to a rapid increase of activity and losing the airport.
	This frightening climate caused traffic jams to rise rapidly and destroy the airport.
	The traffic jams contributed greatly to this terrible weather, and the airport was wiped out.
	During the especially difficult periods of traffic, a rapid increase in traffic and the removal of the airport was in progress.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "What is more," Clarissa said, "I feel I'm being ignored."
Top 25 Translations
	"And what else," said behold, "I think I'm being ignored."
	"And what's," said Craa, "I feel I'm being ignored."
	"What else,'Cuta said, "I believe I'm being ignored."
	"And what's that," said Tata, "I think I'm being ignored."
	"And, what else is Closea?" said She, "I feel I'm being ignored. "
	"What else is here?" Cudasasisia said, "I felt I was ignoring."
	"What's here else?" Cssania said, "I felt I was ignoring."
	"What's here?" Cscia said, "I thought I'm ignoring."
	"What else is here?" Cicasassia said, "I thought I was ignoring."
	"What else is here?" Csasasa said, "I thought I am ignoring."
	"What else," said Casstse, "I'm explaining that I am being ignored. "
	"And what else," said Carssthasesse, "I understand I'm being ignored."
	"And what does more," said Casstusse, "I'm explaining that I'm being ignored."
	"And what's more, said Cassthasra, "I'm explaining that I'm being ignored."
	"What's more," said Cssthasesius, "I'll explain that I'm being ignored."
	"And what is, Cresca said, "I think I'm being ignored."
	"And what's," said Kresa, "I think I'm being ignored."
	"and what is, Kre caselia," said, "I feel I'm being ignored."
	"And that's what Clarus said, "I think I'm being ignored."
	"What and what is," said Cresola, "I suppose I'm being ignored."
	"What else" said Csastlessha, "I'm ignoring."
	"And what is"asstoutha said, "I think I'm ignoring."
	"And what is!" said Csststha, "I feel I'm ignoring."
	"And what's "Sasstastha," says, "I'm ignoring."
	"What else," said Cssusstha, "I'm ignoring."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Thomas graduated with a specialist degree in the field of criminology.
Top 25 Translations
	Thomas graduated with an expert at the field of vice - support facilities. But there were also other reasons why this was so important to him.
	Thomas graduated with a specialist in the region of the Sub - World Congregation. He was born in the town of Vincendio, a small town on the southernmost coast of Europe.
	Thomas graduated with an expert in the region of the vice - growing congregation. One of them is Thomas.
	Thomas graduated with a expert in the region of the partaken of the material. He asked his teacher to visit him in order to help him get to know what he was thinking about.
	Thomas graduated with an expert in the area of the partaken of the wine and the fruit of the very bread that was poured out in their behalf.
	But she did not give up. In addition, she learned to read and write, which has helped her to see what she had learned.
	When he was two weeks old or two, he read the Bible. His parents knew he couldn't see the need to study with him.
	But her father was not alone. This area's medical specialist told Thomas that she wanted to study properly.
	The doctor told Thomas that she wanted to study properly. A few years ago, we received a letter from the branch office of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	The teacher in the field told Thomas that she wanted to study correctly. The doctor showed her that she had no interest in studying.
	Thomas worked as a team for medical personnel from time to time.
	Thomas worked together with experts from time to time to do research. He learned from a doctor's experience.
	Thomas worked as an expert at times, doing so with experts. He then learned that he was a good teacher of the Bible.
	Thomas worked together with experts at times, and he learned how to find a way to become an avid reader of the Bible and the publications provided by Jehovah's Witnesses.
	Thomas worked with experts from time to time to study with them.
	In one European country, the report continues: "We found that many children have had their fathers killed, as well as other children. "
	Each year, some 12 million children are killed by their parents - and they will not even have to leave their homes.
	Every year about 12 million children are put to death.
	Each year about 12 million children die. Some 1 million children die.
	Every year about 12 million children are given death to die, including in some lands, as well as in other areas of the world.
	Thomas thus decided to associate with one expert, who worked for a time at the location of the Renningonee, then as an expert.
	Thomas thus decided to meet an expert who used to work for some time at the hospital, then as an expert.
	Thomas chose to associate with one specialist, who, at the time, served as an expert in the theory of evolution.
	Thomas thus chose to associate with a specialist, who worked as a specialist at Rennetine, for some time then as an expert.
	Thomas decided to meet a specialist, who, in place of Reninine, worked for a while, later as an expert.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Lasers can measure distances with incredible precision.
Top 25 Translations
	The carriers can measure from extraordinary fasts to an extraordinary distance.
	The fishermen can measure from an exceptionally fast distance.
	The tourists can measure from an unusual fast-to-mean distance.
	Travelers can measure from extraordinary faster-blows in the distance.
	The carriers can measure from unusual speed-blocks.
	Lars can measure the distance with incredible speeds.
	Larss can measure the distance with uninstable speeds.
	Larss can measure distance with incredible speed.
	Larss can measure distances with incredible speeds.
	Lars can measure distances with incredible speeds.
	Lasers can measure very complicated distance.
	Lasers can measure a lot of complicated distance.
	Lasers can measure the bit-splexable distance.
	Lasers can measure very complicated distance.
	Lasers can measure the most complex distance.
	Lars can measure from long distances with incredible accuracy.
	Lars can measure from long distances with incredible accuracy.
	Lars can measure from long distances with incredible accuracy.
	Lars can measure from long distances with incredible accuracy.
	Lars can measure long distances with incredible accuracy.
	Layers can measure distance from incredible order.
	Lars can measure the distance from inconstitutible order.
	Leser can measure distance from incredible order.
	Lars can measure the distance from an inevivable order.
	Leser can measures the distance from inconstinctible order.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: My two cousins were so excited at the start of the war, they ran downtown and signed up immediately.
Top 25 Translations
	At first, I was so glad that both my cousins were fled to town and attacked them immediately.
	In early July, there were only five Witnesses waiting to meet me, and the four brothers were so happy to enter the town and then start an assault. At that time, Father was one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	I am still a ministerial servant and also a traveling overseer, and I am happy when I receive a letter from him that I was going to take in. My cousin was so happy that they fled inside the city and were quickly attacked by them.
	My two cousins were so happy at the outbreak of war that they fled into the city and attacked them immediately.
	At the start of the war, my two cousin brothers were so delighted that they escaped within the city, quickly attacking them.
	I knew I was going to be a Witness. My two cousin's parents began to rejoice at the beginning of the war, but they immediately fled there and blamed them.
	When the war started, my two older brothers were delighted, but they immediately fled and had an accusation against them.
	At first two of my siblings were so pleased, but they quickly ran and blamed him.
	I was so happy at first, though, that my two cousin sons immediately fled, accused him of causing harm. I decided to become one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	During my first year in war, my two cousins found the truth. They quickly ran and accused me of being Jehovah's Witnesses.
	I was at one time working at the house of one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	I was then serving at one of Jehovah's Witnesses, and I was privileged to continue in his assignment in the circuit work.
	One of Jehovah's Witnesses called at our home, and we were very happy to find the truth about Jehovah's purpose to live forever on a paradise earth.
	I was then serving as a pioneer, an organization of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	I began to know that Jehovah is my Father, and I began to look for him in the truth.
	The two cousins were happy to begin the war, running away there and swiftly accusing him. But my father and his daughter did not know where to get the good news.
	My two cousins were very happy at the beginning of the war, they were on hand and were immediately thrashing on him.
	I thought, " If I don't, I will be happy with you, for I am not sure that Jehovah is helping people.'I just don't want to let you know that I am a Witness. "
	My two cousins were delighted at the start of the war, running away and quickly accusing him. In time, he was able to return home and return to the United States.
	Two my cousins were very happy at the beginning of war, being away there and getting involved with him violently. But when they did, they did not give us their names.
	At our first meeting I attended, my two cousins were so happy, and they escaped and signed her. A few weeks later I was invited to the meeting of the missionary home.
	During my stay, I saw two of our cousins and two of them happily accepted the offer, and they escaped and signed it immediately.
	As the war began, two of my friends and sisters were so pleased, and they fled and signed it right away.
	When the war broke out, two of my friends and I were so happy, and they escaped, and immediately signed it.
	My two siblings were so pleased that they escaped, whereupon they immediately signed the war. We had many Bible studies with our children, and we had many Bible studies with them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: This machine scans the user's eye and can confirm identity.
Top 25 Translations
	This machine has believer's own eyes scan and verified the identity.
	This machine has opened the user's eyes and confirmed the identity.
	This machine has scand a user's eyes and verified the identity.
	This machine has browsed the user's eyes and confirmed the identity.
	This machine has scans the user's eyes and confirmed the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eyes and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eyes and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans user's eyes and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eyes and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eyes and is able to confirm the identity.
	The machine scans user's eye and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eye and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eye and can confirm identity.
	This machine scans the user's eye and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eye and can confirm the identity.
	This machine is sending the user's eye... and can confirm the identity.
	It sends the machine's eye to user... and is able to confirm the identity.
	This machine sends a user's eye... and confirms the identity.
	The machine sends the wind of the user's eye and confirms the identity.
	This machine is sending user's eyes... and can confirm the identity.
	The machine scans the user's eyes and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's hearing and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eyes and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eyes and can confirm the identity.
	The machine scans the user's eye and confirms the identity.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The inquiry into the accident will be overseen by Malcolm Jones, a former army general.
Top 25 Translations
	My former army general at the questioning will be oversightd by John Jones, John Jones.
	My former military general, John Jones,'s will be checked on questioning about the accident.
	One former army general on questioning about an accident would be screened by John Jones.
	My earlier military general will be checked on the interrogation about my disaster, John Jones.
	One of my former military General generals on interrogation will be oversightd by John Jones.
	An old army general of scientists who ask about the accident would be checked, Julian Jones.
	An old army host for questioners of accidents will be checked, Julian Jones.
	An old military general of those asking an accident will be trained, Julian Jones.
	An old army general of those who question whether the accident will be performed by the General, Julian Jones.
	An old military general, Julian Jones, will be inspected of those who ask about the accident.
	The accident will be examined on account of the care of an earlier army, a previous army general.
	An earlier army would be screened about an accident, the care of an ex-armed army, an ex-armical army general.
	The accident would be examined about normally... the care of an existing army, a last army general.
	An previous army will be checked about the accident in general, for the care of an earlier army.
	The accident would be examined as to normal... the maintenance of a previous army, an last army general.
	For instance, Barcan Jones, who was asked for an operation in an earthquake, may have observed the experience of a former army asking about the accident.
	It may have been noted by Berk Jones, an army asking about an accident.
	Of course, this did not mean that our prayers were not answered, for Jehovah was with our forefathers in mind and guided us in every way.
	In general, the first one to ask about the accident might have noticed Berk Jones, who is now a member of the Governing Body of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	In general about the first camp asking for a accident, Berk Jones may have noticed.
	I was struck by a serious illness, which I suffered from chronic depression. I could have wondered about it by being ill with the earlier army of Jehovah's Witnesses, and I would be able to have more of my time and energy.
	The first army to blame would be involved, and there would be a great deal of time and energy for me.
	There would be an argument about the accident, and I would have enough time and energy for it.
	There may be several times that we've been in a accident, and we'll be able to get some extra time and energy.
	I am sure that Jehovah's Witnesses, both young and old, will have the joy and happiness that come from knowing that they are living in peace and harmony with their heavenly Father.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Though Carla's remarks seem insulting, if you see them in context, they're actually quite innocent.
Top 25 Translations
	Caa's comment feels ashamed, if you see in context, they are really very innocent.
	Caa's comment seems demeaning, if you see in context, they are really very innocent.
	Cara's comment seems to get contemptible, if you see in context, they are really very innocent.
	Cara's comment is insult, if you're looking in context, they're really very innocent.
	Caa's comment is humiliating, if you see in context, they're really very innocent.
	Cspa comments are in disgrace, if you want to see them in context, they're really quite innocent.
	In case of Css is devoid of face, if you want them to see in context, they are really quite innocent.
	Caspa comments are shamed, if you want them to look in context, in fact they are quite innocent.
	The CSC comments are floored, if you want them to see in context, in fact they are quite innocent.
	Caspa comments are in disgrace, if you want them look in context, they're really pretty innocent.
	Cara's remarks appear shamed, if you see them in context, they are really completely innocent.
	The comments of Cara appear embarrassing, if you see them in context, they're really quite innocent.
	The comments of the Carath seem dishonor, if you see them in context, then they are really quite innocent.
	CHA's comments appear disgrace, if you view them in context, they're really quite innocent.
	Cara's comments seem shameful, if you see them in context, they're really completely innocent.
	Carara's comments are insulted, if you see them in context, they're really quite innocent.
	The CORA comments seem to dishonor, if you see them in context, they are actually quite innocent.
	Carara's comments may be a dishonor, if you see them in context, they are really quite innocent.
	Cara's comments seem demeaning, if you see them in reference, they are actually too unexcustomable.
	The comment of Cara's comments is insult, if you see him in context, they are really quite innocent.
	Chaga's comments appear to be simple, if you see them in reference, they're actually quite simple.
	Ca's comments seem inferior, if you saw them in context, they are really quite simple.
	Cargia's comments seem to take a lower, if you see them in context, they are really quite simple.
	Craga's comments look inferior, if you see them in reference, then they're really quite simple.
	Carga's comments seem insignificant, if you look at them in the context, they are really quite simple.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even early in the city's life, the quest for knowledge led to the founding of a university.
Top 25 Translations
	Early in the city, however, the search for knowledge opened the world's monastery with the opportunity to produce the best of living things.
	Early in the City, however, knowledge had started by the 19th century.
	Early in the city, the seeking of knowledge led to the Founder's opening of the Church of England, where it had been translated, and where he continued to preach.
	At the start of the City's first century, knowledge began by the 19th - century archalyrium.
	The search for knowledge early in the City began an 18 - foot - high [17 m] press, and the search for it led to a remarkable growth in the first century.
	The temple was the center of a worldwide research work, and it was the center of the work that has been described as the foundation for the preservation of knowledge of Jehovah's temple in Jerusalem.
	Early in the city's life, an international collection of searching for knowledge began.
	Early in the city's life, a search for knowledge was started. It was not long before the Great Depression began.
	Early in the city life, the setting up of a worldwide manuscript for knowledge began.
	The New York Times said: "It is not until the year 2000, that the church has begun its discovery to be a part of the world's largest Protestant church, but the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. "
	A university for the start of its life after it was born. The main purpose was to obtain education and prepare a place for the study of the Bible.
	Even when the city began, the search for knowledge led to a university. It also started in recent years.
	For example, the city was in the center of East Europe, and the city's capital city was destroyed. The city's origin is still with the idea of gaining an accurate knowledge that the Bible is in its original form.
	In the beginning of that city, a university seeking knowledge came into the mind of a former university.
	Even at the beginning of his life in the city, he found a university to search for knowledge. In the beginning, he studied the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses until his death.
	Since the early discovery of knowledge in that city, the discovery of learning it was reaching the very start of a faithal monastery.
	It was an early discovery in that city that had reached the start of a beliefal profession. As a result, I found that I could not get the first copy of the booklet Knowledge That Leads to Everlasting Life.
	In that city, searching for enlightenment had its start in the development of a scientific profession. As the years went by, our family and our children were living in a small village.
	That city had already been discovered to its early stages of learning to the early stages of the belief in God and Christ.
	From the beginning of the search for knowledge in that city, the discovery had reached the beginning of a Protestant monastery.
	As early as the town's life, finding knowledge reached the root root of a beliefal museum. In the 16th century, however, the church was not able to find a better religion than that of any other church.
	Even toward the beginning of the city's life, quests for knowledge gained access to the foundation of an beliefal monastery.
	As early as the city of Athens, searching for knowledge reached the root of a world of scholars.
	As early as the city's existence, search for knowledge reached the foundations of an international monastery.
	The city life began to start with a knowledge of the truth, with an important approach to a worldwide library that had already been laid down for many centuries and that gave evidence that the Bible is the inspired Word of God.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The three teenagers spent a cold night on the exposed mountain before rescuers arrived.
Top 25 Translations
	But after a few months, my older brother discovered that I was living with him, and I am having much help helping me to avoid my home.
	My older brother, though, discovered that I lived with him and had given me some assistance to remain away from my house. He also had a Bible study and soon started attending meetings.
	A few months later, however, my older brother learned that he was living with me and that I am receiving some help to escape from my home.
	I did not want to be alone at all in my congregation. But after a few months, my older brother learned that I am living with him and that I have been having some practical assistance to avoid my home.
	A few months later, however, my older brother discovered that I lived with him and that I was finding a bit helpful in keeping away from my home.
	These three teenage girls spent their cold winter time in their mountains before they reached the rescuers.
	The three teenagers spent cold days on their mountains before they arrived to rescue those who could see that it was just as cold as they were when they arrived on the mountain.
	These three teenage girls spent their summer periods on foot before they reached rescuers.
	All three teenagers spent a few hours at their hill before they reached rescuers.
	These three teenagers had spent a harsh winter hours on their mountains before they reached rescuers.
	Even so, it was a great challenge for them to continue studying God's Word, attending congregation meetings at the Kingdom Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses, as well as sharing Bible truths with others.
	Before all the children arrived, there was a cold night that had already been left for them.
	Before they arrived for their rescue children, there was a cold night waiting to be on the street.
	Before their arrival to rescue all the boys, there was a cold night just prior to traveling to the street.
	Before they came to rescue the three children, they had been sitting down for a cold night before going to the street.
	Three teenage adults spent a cold night on the mountains going up to the mountain before the rescuers arrived.
	Three teenagers spent a calm night on the hill going into which they were going down before they were able to come out of the rescuers.
	Three teenage youths spent one cold night walking through the mountain before the rescuers arrived.
	A cold night lasted before three teenage teenagers passed through the mountain to get back to rescuers.
	Three teenagers lived a quiet night before coming to the mountain they had come for rescuers.
	The three children spent a bitter night in the naked mountain before coming to the rescuers.
	The three children spent a winter night on the bare hill before coming to rescue the rescuers.
	Those three little children spent a cold night in the unstinting mount before coming to the rescuers.
	The three children spent an winter night on the visible mountain before coming to the rescuers.
	The three sons spent a winter evening on the apparently mountainous shore before they approached the rescuers.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Politicians have been arguing about the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
Top 25 Translations
	But this is so common in the world's world today. Yet, at least a person's desire for material wealth is not to be limited to poor economic conditions.
	But the problem has made it so difficult to explain the cause of poverty to a person. It also seems to be at least one source of concern to many people.
	Yet, people's fears are so many that at least they are trying to learn why they are poverty. For example, the United Nations report stated that "most countries of the world have become poor because of poor health, " reports the newspaper The Daily Telegraph of London.
	But this has caused some to wonder that there are at least about one hundred people who try to get to understand the causes of poverty.
	This, though, has led so many people to wonder about the cause of poverty.
	However, they reason that no employment is possible. They may feel that it is too difficult to find employment, such as a career in a land where there is a greater need for housing, employment, and employment.
	Some have argued, however, that employment is not available or where secular employment is to work. Others have concluded that it is too difficult to find employment.
	However, some find it difficult to find employment or work at a secular job, thinking that they are not going to work.
	Some, though, have reasoned that secular work is impossible to perform, or at least at least place at work.
	Some, however, may argue that their secular work is unrealistic or impossible to perform. But others may be reluctant to work where the need may be greater.
	True, employment for unemployed ones is increasingly being neglected. As a result, unemployment may become more widespread in this system of things.
	Granted, secular employment is being reduced for unemployed workers. In this way, the unemployed often work hard to find their own job and to earn money and their jobs.
	Of course, work for unemployed individuals is being reduced to jobs. Yet, they do not pay much attention to the things they want or do not want.
	Granted, at least secular work for unemployed ones is taking place, but there is a limit to the quality of a job.
	Granted, the workplace is a very common occupation for unemployed workers.
	Yet, secular work does not allow people to have at least their financial resources.
	Still, people have little or no money under the circumstances. So they do not have a higher income in the company of people, which they spend on the job.
	Yet, the pursuit of secular education does not require more than that others have.
	" I am so happy, " she explains. " Yet, my secular work has few people at the very least.
	Still, making a secular project requires not being paid to people at least.
	In the end, very few are unemployed. Some may be unemployed because they cannot afford to leave their jobs to do so.
	In recent years the number of unemployed people in this system of things has been estimated to be more than 50 percent.
	Even after work, there are fewer people in the world who become unemployed.
	After job, a very few become unemployed, with only a limited number of jobs in the world.
	After job, only relatively few become unemployed.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Charles Lindbergh was one of the early pioneers in powered flight and crossed the Atlantic in 1927.
Top 25 Translations
	Charles Lindbergen had been serving as a pioneer when pioneering was first on the ship and was moving over the United States in 1927.
	Charles Lindin, who was serving as pioneers during his first circuit assembly on a ship and had been crossing the United States in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergen had been serving as pioneers for the first time in his career on ships, crossing the United States in 1927.
	Charles Lindburgn was serving as a pioneer while the first circuit overseer in her home was traveling to the United States in 1927.
	Charles Lindin was serving in the late 1950's when pioneer ministers visited the United States and were taking on a new assignment in 1927.
	Charles Lindberghen, a member of the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society, was happily serving at the branch office in Pennsylvania, then crossing the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindberglen, who at first was working in the Atlantic, began to cross the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindin was thrilled to have started pioneering, but he passed off the Atlantic in 1927.
	In 1927 he took his first course in service, Charles Lindbergen, who at first was in touch with the Netherlands.
	Then in 1927, Charles Lindbergen began serving as full - time evangelizers, and in 1927 he crossed the Atlantic.
	Charles Linder, a former pioneers who were serving as a flight force, passed the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the early pioneers serving in the aircraft force in 1927, and he crossed the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindh - one of the first pioneers in the world - worked as a aircraft force, across the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindh, one of the early pioneers serving in the airplane - used to cross the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Linddelh, one of the early pioneers who served as a plane force in 1927, took up a Atlantic trip to Thessalonica, and later we moved back to the United States.
	In 1927 a pioneer named Charles Lindh started the journey there, and he crossed the Atlantic.
	In 1927, Charles Lindabergh started the journey there and crossed the Atlantic.
	In 1927, Charles Linbergh began the trip on the Isle, and he crossed the Atlantic.
	In 1927, Charles Sindah, a pioneer, took a trip to the island and crossed the Atlantic.
	Back in 1927, Charles Zinbergh, a pioneer on the island, began the trip and crossed the Atlantic.
	Charles Lindburg, a early pioneer in U.S.A., had crossed the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindberghin, a early member of the U.S.A., had been crossing the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergen was the early American pioneer, and in 1927 he had crossed the Atlantic.
	Charles Linden, a first - president of the United States, had crossed the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindin was the early pioneer in the United States and had crossed the Atlantic in 1927.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We used advertising to generate interest in the product and then educated people on how to use it.
Top 25 Translations
	We used advertising to instill an interest in the products and then use the ability to use it to teach people how to use them again.
	Our use of advertising has helped us develop interest in these products and then make use of people who had learned how to use it.
	We put interest in the products used by advertising and again used those who were educated to make use of them.
	We used advertising to interest those products and then use them to use it to help people learn about how to use it. We also used it in our public ministry in the ministry and in the field ministry.
	In addition to using advertising, we learned that the product is a product of which we were created by means of the product and that it is a product that we used to draw attention to the product and then make use of it to educated people.
	We also had the habit of advertising and using this product to teach people how to use it and to train its methods. We liked advertising to get people to use it to teach them the way to use and control its methods of using it.
	We had to have fun advertising to make people use the product and educate their methods of using it.
	We enjoyed advertising so that they could use this product and educate his methods of use. But we couldn't afford to buy the products for the use of it.
	We enjoyed advertising as well as teaching people how they could use this product and use it in education their methods.
	We enjoyed advertising so that they could use the product and train its means of education. It was a very interesting experience for many young people.
	We used advertisements to interest people by promoting products that were read over a period of time. We used them when we were taught to talk to them about God's Kingdom.
	Our use of advertising was to interest people with what was read over again in order to make sure that the people could have used it.
	We used advertising to interest in products that were read again so as people could use it. In the late 1970's, I spent more than half a century in preaching and teaching about God and His Kingdom.
	Our practice of advertising became interested in products that were re read so that people would have to use it.
	This was not easy for me, so I decided to try again. We used advertising for the interests of products that were read again so that others could use it.
	We used advertising to make fun of products and then used the people read to use it.
	We used ads to interest the product, and then people who were educated used to use it.
	We used advertisements to interest product, and then people who were educated used to use it.
	We used ads to interest product, and then the educated people used it to make use of it.
	We used the advertising method to make the product interest and then used it to be used by the educated. We started out our studies, and we were able to use it to the very start of the day.
	Our advertisers used to get interest in the product and then make use of the educated people.
	We tried to persuade our students to accept the fact that we would not have enough time for a certain job, so we started to study with them, and we were encouraged to do what we could in the ministry.
	Our product was also used to entertain interest in good and then use educated people.
	In the United States, we tried to improve the quality of our product. In the late 1970's, we had to make sure that we did not want to go to school and that we had the right credit for the good news, but we did not use our product to get involved with it.
	We also had our share of goods and Bible - based material, which we used as an instrument for our advertising business as well as for using it to be the educated people.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: It never occurred to me that Mike and Cherie's marriage was in any trouble.
Top 25 Translations
	" It never happened to me that Mike and Sherry were married, in any difficult situation.
	This never happened to me that Mike and Cherie were married all too difficult. I am confident that my father would be with me.
	This did not go unnoticed, since Mike and Cherie were still in their early 20's.
	It never occurred for me that Mike and Sherry were married at any difficulty in the marriage. I knew they were very close to me.
	It was not for me that Mike and Cherie's wife were in any trouble - free marriage.
	It's never been mine that Mike and Cherie were in any trouble.
	It's never done to me, that Mike and Sherry's marriage was in any trouble.
	It never happened to me that Mike and Sherry were in any trouble.
	It never happened I'd ever been married to Mike and Sherry was in any trouble.
	It never happened to me that Mike and Cherie were in any trouble.
	It's never so hard to do anything that Mike and Cherie's marriage was in any difficulty for me.
	It never happened to me that Mike or Cherie were in any difficulty.
	It's never happened to me that Mike and Cherie were in any difficult situation.
	That Mike and Cherie were in any trouble ever married to me.
	It was never so hard for me that Mike and Sherry were married in any way.
	It was ever me that Mike and Cherie were in any trouble.
	It had never been me that Mike and Cherie were in any trouble.
	It was in any tragedy that Mike and Cherry never lived up to me.
	It was in any case that Mike and Sherry never happened to me.
	That Mike and Shery marriage was in any trouble I never thought it would have happened to me.
	It was never that Mike and Cher-a were in any trouble.
	It's never been the marriage of Mike and Chesa that was in any trouble.
	It has never occurred that Mike and Chera's marriage was in any trouble.
	It never happened that Micah and Shebna were in any trouble.
	It never happened that Mike and Cherna's wedding was in any trouble.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: All attempts to reach Darren at home on his phone met with failure.
Top 25 Translations
	To reach his phone, all efforts failed with failure on his phone.
	All efforts to access his phone failed with him on his phone.
	All efforts to reach his phone failed with his phone.
	All efforts to reach his phone failed with his phone.
	All the efforts to reach his phone failed with his phone.
	All efforts to reach his home on his phone failed.
	All efforts to get their home on his phone failed.
	All efforts to get their home on their phone failed.
	All efforts to get their house on their phone failed.
	All the efforts to get into their home on their phone failed.
	That's just why he came home and failed at his phone. I was not sure why I couldn't do that. "
	He told the elders of his congregation what he thought was true of him. They did so because they did not want to do anything that was contrary to the Scriptures.
	" I was the only one I had ever seen in the Bible that really hurt my mind, but I had never experienced anything from him that could help me to overcome my problem, " she says.
	" I was so happy that I decided to stay with them, " he says. " That was too important to get back on his phone while he too lost his temper.
	He was the only one who came home to his phone and lost his balance. A few weeks later, he asked his friend to send him a phone call.
	The Saru attempt made all at a time to reach your phone failed.
	Italy was not able to reach your phone with the failure of all attempt to reach Saru.
	All attempts to reach Saru on your phone failed.
	They met with all attempts to reach Saru on their phone.
	All efforts to reach Saru on their phone failed with a failure.
	All your attempt to reach your home at his phone was met with failure.
	All his efforts to access his home on the phone were met with failure.
	All his effort to reach his home on his phone was met with failure.
	He met with all his efforts to reach his home on his phone with failure.
	All your attempts to access his home at the phone met with failure.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Any problems arising from the new contract are not my concern. I warned against signing it.
Top 25 Translations
	I told them: "I am very grateful to Jehovah that I cannot be called upon to do anything but to find real happiness. I was so impressed that I did not have the privilege of sharing in the full - time ministry.
	Since I was trying to serve Jehovah, I had no idea that I had to do what was right. I told them: "Well, if I want to serve Jehovah, I can't be called for any of that, but it's a big problem for me.
	I told him: "It is a wonderful thing to serve Jehovah, and I am not going to be called to work but to be called on to do it.
	I told them: "It is a challenge to serve Jehovah without my being called to do anything - and I find it difficult for me to do the same.
	" Because of what I wanted to do in serving Jehovah, I cannot be called on to do something but have had a big problem with me.
	In the end, I warned against signing my signature, and my husband, who was Jehovah, would be responsible for my death.
	This sounded a warning against the attack.
	I warned the woman of signing this, and she was very angry with me because she was not a Witness.
	He said that it was a mistake to break free from the fear of man - that is, to make sure that I will continue my Bible study with him in his home territory.
	So I warned him of his signature. I said that he had the right intention and that I had to sign his name, as well as the name of the true God.
	I had warned them about the type of film being signed by that new document.
	But I warned them I did not sign this new document. I said I would like to have a copy of the article on how to get a copy of this film.
	I had warned them that I was against signing this new document. In time, my wife and I were invited to attend a special assembly of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	I've never seen a film, but I warned them that I've not signed the film on that new document.
	But I warned them that I was against signatureing this new film. I knew it was not enough for my family to know how to use it to do so.
	I warned him against committing a sin. " I thought he had made a mistake.
	I warned him against falling asleep in death. When I heard that God's prophet was telling me to go out on the boat, I was surprised to find a way to get baptized.
	I had warned him against signing. As soon as I arrived, he came to my house and said, "I do not know where this will take place. "
	I warned her that she was a failure, even as I wanted to do all I could in Jehovah's service.
	I warned the woman against giving a warning in the case of her, but then I refused to do it.
	I am very distressed by the request of the article that my family has planned a good plan and has asked me to persevere in my decision.
	I am deeply sad that my family has planned a good job and has told me to stick to my decision.
	I have been in the full - time ministry in the United States, where I have served as an elder for many years and have had the privilege of sharing in the missionary work. It is so sad that my family has planned and encouraged me to be determined to stick to my decision.
	I'm distressed by this article as my family planned for me, and I've been asked to hold on to my decision.
	I am deeply saddened to read this article, that my family has planned an excellent job and has asked me to be determined to live up to my decision.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The director was accused of being inflexible in the way he ran the company.
Top 25 Translations
	The officer's claims that the sort of hard that he was running to the company could be addressed to him.
	At this, the governor claimed that the kind of slave he was running before the company could be spoken with harshness of the kind.
	On the contrary, the chief official claimed that he could easily be dealt with with the type of injustice that he was running away before the company.
	This meant that the official would speak out harshly of the kind of strategy he had been running to the company.
	The chief official expected him to speak in terms of the kind that he was running before the company, but he had to take care of himself and learn to do something that was not so obvious to him.
	As he ran away, his director was also charged that he was really going away.
	Because he was fled, the director also had a charge against him that he was really dismissing him.
	Because he was away, the director, as well as the director, was accused of leaving him. He said that they did not want to see him.
	Since he had run away from this company, the director was falsely accused of really going away from him.
	Because of his involvement in this company and his director was falsely accused of being really absent. What, though, can we learn from the illustration of the sower?
	The director was accused of having been on his way to company with the company.
	In the early hours of the morning, we found a group of Jehovah's Witnesses in the United States, who were Jehovah's Witnesses in the United States.
	The director was accused about the way he went with the company.
	The director was accused of the way he went with the company.
	The director was accused of the way he went with the company.
	Paul did not want his brothers to be like him. Instead, he visited a man who asked him to be there - that is, the one running toward the congregation - who did so.
	Instead, he visited someone who suggested that he had run to the congregation and had acted so that he would not get up again.
	Instead, he visited a fellow believer who said he was running with a congregation and still did the same.
	Instead, he visited a fellow Christian who suggested that he keep on running toward the congregation, and he did so.
	Rather, he went to visit an experienced man who said that he was running toward the congregation and doing so.
	When he did what was expected of him, his director was charged with being prepared to provide for him.
	When he took part in a company, his director was accused of being willing to give attention to the director of the firm.
	When he took part at the firm, the director was charged that he was prepared for his consideration of the company.
	When he took his company, his director was falsely accused of being willing to show consideration for him, and then the director decided that he should take the company to the police station.
	As the director of the company, he was accused of being considerate of the company.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: In the tough economic climate, the company GTV has shrunk by over 40%.
Top 25 Translations
	In economic conditions, the health of a company of over 40% is becoming more and more people are troubled over the existence of violence and violence.
	In a economic context, the average population has increased by over 40 percent, in some cases for the past half of the time.
	According to the World Health Organization, about 40% of those who have entered their homes have been affected by the problem of unemployment.
	In a economic situation, the number of unemployed people on television has increased from 40% to more than one quarter of earth's population.
	In economic situation, the social system of Jehovah's Witnesses is on the move to increase the likelihood of over 40% of people to the point of falling into "the most dangerous place in human history, " said The New York Times.
	In a harsh economic setting, over 40 percent are drunk in this way, with more than 60 percent of the population living on TV.
	In a difficult economic environment, more than 40 percent of employees have been involved in crime in that way.
	In the harsh economic setting, over 40 percent of people are involved in this way of getting drunk, with more than 2 percent of the population living on television.
	In a critical economic situation, over 40 percent of the company living on TV has become drunk.
	In difficult economic environment, well over 40 percent of the company living on TV has become drunk in this way.
	In an unprecedented economic situation, the company's company's numbers of more than 40 percent of the people are striking down.
	Hard economic conditions have plagued the family of more than 40% of its company.
	In the economic situation, more than 40 percent are being beaten by this company.
	Economic conditions have plagued more than 40 percent of the company's company.
	In the world's military service, more than 40% of this company's economic situation have been severely affected by the use of its former company.
	Under economic conditions, the company of G "has been in full over 40% for more than two decades.
	In economic circumstances, the company has seen "headly over 40% of the population, " the owner of the United States for the past two decades.
	In financial circumstances, the company," G "has been more than 40% for years.
	In economic situations, a company "has been over 40% for more than 40% years, " and" there is a growing number of other countries, reports The New York Times. "
	In economic conditions, the company's "has been able to do more than 40% for more years.
	According to the World Bank report, more than two million people in the developed world have become infected with a TB virus, the disease that causes more deaths than in the past.
	The economic situation is a bad thing, but the company has been severely beaten over 40% of the more than time.
	In one recent year, in Africa alone, a third of the unemployed have found work to be dangerous, especially in lands where the unemployed have little or no access to job work, reports The Times of London.
	Economic situation is very poor, the company seems to have suffered much more than 40% of the time.
	According to a report published in the United States, some 25 percent of the population suffer from chronic depression, whereas others suffer from stress because of lack of sleep, poor health, or other health problems.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse has caused life expectancy to fall in some countries.
Top 25 Translations
	The modern - day history of diabetes and alcohol has cost many life span. But there has been no reason to expect that there will be no cure in the future.
	Today's conditions have been marked by diabetes and the extreme drunkenness that resulted from many people's lives.
	Today's circumstances have led to overuse of diabetes and extreme drinking, which have resulted in the death of many people for a long period of time.
	The situation today has brought up an ongoing process of diabetes and strong alcohol - related life - styles.
	Today's conditions may have caused a number of individuals to get away with the period of life through diabetes and alcohol.
	Most of the world's alcohol - related problems are so widespread that there are some people who are troubled by diabetes and alcohol abuse, and it is not surprising that many in the world have been victims of it.
	The use of diabetes and alcohol has made life difficult in some countries today, and in many countries it is hard to find people who have diabetes and alcohol.
	The use of diabetes and alcohol in many lands has plagued some individuals in some lands. This has brought severe problems for the people in many countries.
	Many countries have experienced the worst of living conditions because of diabetes and alcohol abuse.
	In many lands, diabetes and alcohol abuse have made life very difficult for some people in some countries.
	The result? In some lands the abuse of diabetes and alcohol may have contributed to the loss of health and emotional well - being.
	In some lands diabetes and alcohol abuse have contributed to the death of people. It has also been found that people in other lands have lost their health by treating diabetes and alcohol abuse.
	This has caused many to suffer in certain lands the loss of diabetes and alcohol abuse.
	In some lands diabetes and alcohol abuse have caused many to feel lost in some countries.
	In some lands, the use of diabetes and alcohol has caused many to feel that it does not mean that they have received treatment from those who do not share their faith.
	Today, people in many countries have fallen into life - giving waters of diabetes and alcohol abuse because of the unscriptural use of diabetes and alcohol.
	What can we do now to help those who are single or who have been raised spiritually by parents? Today, conditions have caused life - giving to many in many lands by the use of diabetes and alcohol.
	What can be done to protect your children from disease? The situation of today has led to life in many countries, for instance, by means of diabetes and alcohol abuse.
	In many countries, the problem of diabetes and alcohol abuse has caused life - threatening problems. The Bible says: "You must not commit adultery with a woman you must not eat from her mother, and you must not eat with her husband. "
	The world today has had such a negative influence on people in general, and it can also be a blessing to see them grow up in love for God, for his Word, the Bible.
	There are situations in which people have been mistreated despite diabetes and alcohol abuse. The Bible states: "All those whom Jehovah loves he has done are the ones who have practiced fine works. "
	In recent years Jehovah's Witnesses, many of whom have been willing to share in preaching the good news with relatives, neighbors, and schoolmates alike, have been exposed to situations such as those that characterized diabetes and alcohol.
	" There are many things that you can do, " states a young girl named Mary. She says, "and I have to admit that it is a mistake to get rid of them and to do what we can in order to get their own way. "
	A situation that results from diabetes is often related to people suffering from diabetes and alcohol abuse.
	The problem is that those with diabetes often suffer from the effects of the abuse of alcohol abuse or of some other form of life, such as smoking and smoking or drug abuse.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The words of his resignation letter implied he was unhappy with several of his former colleagues.
Top 25 Translations
	His statements on Insight on the Scriptures did not mean that he was using bad dealings with many of his former companions.
	The Encyclopedia's Expository Dictionary of New Testament Words notes: "The Hebrew term rendered "holy " and" clean, " meaning" clean " - is derived from God's Word - is used in the original sense, the word used in both Greek and Latin - English.
	What he wrote on the Septuagint does not mean that he was dealing badly with several former associates.
	His writings on Insight on the Scriptures certainly do not refer to his dealing with several former associates. The apostle Paul did not mean that certain individuals of the day who had come to him were not "to be treated badly. "
	His statements on Insight on the Scriptures did not suggest that his actions were in conflict with many of those who had previously lived before.
	This was not the case because of a lack of faith in Jesus. His encouraging letter to the Corinthians meant that he was sad about many of his former associates.
	His reassuring words are of much comfort to the psalmist who wrote that he was sorry for a long - standing multitude of his former associates.
	The encouragement that he received indicates that he had been grieved by several former associates. He asked the elders to do this to encourage and encourage him.
	The encouragement given in his letter indicates that he was grieved by a series of former associates, who were deeply saddened by the apostle Paul's words.
	His words of encouragement show that he was sorry for many of his former associates.
	She felt sorry for several of her former companions, and her words strengthened her.
	But she had experienced the fulfillment of his promise: "Do not look at the way, but look! My own servants will say the same things over and over again. "
	He was sorry and encouraged by what he heard from many of his later companions. But he did not feel that way.
	He was deeply grieved by a lot of former companions who had encouraged him. He knew that he was a spiritual person.
	She was sad, and she was encouraged by what she said, often with many of her former associates.
	However, when the letter was written, it seemed to her that she was ashamed of several former peers, but she felt so ashamed of him that she couldn't see him again.
	After writing his letter to the Corinthians, however, the man felt that he had become ashamed, as if he had been ashamed of the former course of action.
	When he wrote a letter, however, he felt as though many of his former companions were ashamed of him.
	However, when he wrote his letter, his reaction was as if he were embarrassed by many former associates.
	Yet, when he wrote, he felt as if he was embarrassed by several preceding associates.
	She also encouraged her brothers and sisters in the congregation and showed them how they too were able to assist one another during this difficult period.
	This is one thing that many in the congregation find to be challenging, but it does not prevent them from showing personal interest in others or trying to serve where the need for Kingdom preachers is greater.
	He gave up his career and even said that he had been working with many former workmates.
	He did not give up in this work and said he had been working along with a number of former workmates.
	She showed him that she had a hard time working with several former fellow workers, as well as that she had been in the full - time ministry.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Thomas never disclosed the negative role he had in taking over the company
Top 25 Translations
	Thomas couldn't say what bad things he did with his wife
	Thomas couldn't tell his wife what he was doing, but she said that he couldn't talk about the evil of the conduct that Thomas did.
	Thomas did not find the evil of the treatment he was having with his wife
	Thomas could not describe the bad things he was doing with his wife
	Thomas did not find the bad thing he did with his wife
	Thomas never fully imagined the serious responsibility he had to go to the company
	Thomas never perceived the bad effects of having to take over his duties as a company
	Thomas never imagined that he had to take part in his career as a company
	Thomas was never sure of the terrible responsibilities that he had to enter at a company
	Thomas did not see the terrible results of his refusal to join the company
	He never led others wrong, and he never learned how to handle the challenges involved in the company
	He has never used a wrong course, nor did he notice the difficulties involved in the company
	He never led a double life, nor did he recognize what is involved in a company - or he could see what is happening.
	He has never led others in a wrong way, nor did he discern what things are involved in the company
	He never led another in the wrong way, and he sensed the difficulty in the company
	Thomas never explained what he was used to play in the company
	Thomas never explained the bad role he played in the company
	Thomas never explained what happened to him in the company
	Thomas never explained how much he used to play in the company
	Thomas never explained what he was going to play in the company
	Thomas never told what he was doing for the company
	Thomas never told what he was doing for the company
	Thomas never told what he was doing for the company
	Thomas never said what he was doing for the company
	Thomas never told what he was doing for the company
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Dr Hartson is an animal expert, but I don't believe the scope of his expertise is as wide as you think.
Top 25 Translations
	Dr. Gunnan is an animal specialist, but I do not believe that their signature is an extensive, as you think.
	Dr. Husan is an animal specialist, but I don't believe their discovery is a comprehensive scope of you as you think.
	Dr. Gunnan is a animal expert, but I don't believe his scope of preity is a widespread, like you think.
	Dr. Hazel is an animal specialist, but I do not believe his manuscript is a widespread scope as you think.
	Dr. Hazel is an animal expert, but I don't believe their scope is a widespread as you think.
	Dr. Harson is a animal expert, but I don't believe that the extent of its power is a wide detail as you think.
	Dr. Harson is an animal specialist, but I don't believe that her power has an extension of extension, as you think.
	Dr. Harson is a animal specialist, but I don't believe that his power is a detail of the expansion of the flow of the power, as you think.
	Dorson is an animal expert, but I don't believe that his power is vastly expanded, as you think.
	Dr. Harson is an animal expert, but I don't believe that his power is an extension of expansion as you think.
	Doctor Harnoson is an animal expert, but I don't believe in as widespread as you have in detail as the detail in the spread of his power.
	Dr. Harson is an animal specialist, but I do not believe as widespread as you in detail as the expansion of his power.
	Doctor Harson is an animal expert, but I don't believe as extensive as you have detailed the extent of his power.
	Dr. Harson is a animal expert, but I don't believe as widespread as you have the expansion of his power.
	Doctor Harson is an animal expert, but I do not believe that as widely as you have in detail as details of his power.
	Dr. Panson is an animal expert, but I don't believe that their logic has wideness of size as you think.
	Dr. Takson is an animal specialist, but I don't believe that the breadth of his argument is as much as you think.
	Dr. Rudson is an animal specialist, but I cannot believe that the breadth of his logic is wide as you think.
	Dr. Hannson is an animal expert, but I don't really believe that the scope of his arguments is as much as you think.
	Dr. Panson is an animal specialist, but I don't believe that his argument's wide - expanded as you think.
	Dr. Horson is an animal specialist, but I don't believe that the scope of his logic is as widespread as you think.
	Dr. Horson is an animal specialist but I don't believe the scope of his logic is a widespread detail as you think.
	Dr. Stephenson is an animal expert, but I don't believe the scope of his logic as an extensive detail of the extension of that argument, such as you think.
	Dr. Horson is an animal expert, but I don't believe that the extent of his argument is as widespread as you think.
	Dr. Horton is an animal expert, but I don't believe that the scope of his logic is as widespread as you think.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We understand it's late and we don't mean to impose, but we have some important questions for you.
Top 25 Translations
	We're getting it late and don't mean to push you but we've got some important questions for you.
	We're quick to realize it and we don't mean to push it down but we have some important questions for you.
	We're understanding it up late and we don't mean to push but we have some important questions for you.
	We're quick to understand this and we don't mean to push but we have some important questions for you.
	We're having this quickly understood and not to push off but we're got some important questions for you.
	We understand it's late and don't push us, but we have some important questions for you.
	We understand it's late and don't shock us, but we have some important questions for you.
	We get it late, and don't push us up, but we have some important questions for you.
	We understand it's late and don't push us out, but we have some important questions for you.
	We understand it's late and don't push us down, but we have some important questions for you.
	We have been late for understanding and we don't mean to push up, but we have some important questions for you.
	And we're late on discernment doesn't mean pushing, but we have some important questions for you.
	We're late and we don't mean to push our eyes, but we have some important questions for you.
	We're late to understand and we'ren't mean to push up, but we've got some of the important questions for you.
	We are late to understand and we don't mean to push our backs, but we have some important questions for you.
	We have already understood this and we don't mean to slack down, but we have some important questions for you.
	We have understood this late and we didn't mean to slack down, but we've got some important questions for you.
	We've understood that long ago and we don't mean to slow down, but we have some important questions for you.
	We've understood it for a long time, and we don't mean to slow down, but we have to have some important questions for you.
	We have understood this late and do not mean to let us relax, but we have some important questions for you.
	We're late for understanding and we should not push, but we got some important questions for you.
	We're late and shouldn't push us down, but we've got some important questions for you.
	We should've been late and we shouldn't push, but we have some important questions for you.
	We've got the point, and we shouldn't push it, but we've got some important questions for you.
	We have some important questions to understand, and we shouldn't push off, but we have some important questions for you.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: On arriving at the theatre, the Queen was presented with a large bouquet of tulips by a young girl.
Top 25 Translations
	On one occasion, a young woman told the lady what she did to come to her to tell an interested woman that she did. She told the girl how she did so.
	Once, a young young woman told Takana about what she did to bring a large bride to a big vendea.
	On one occasion, a young girl informed the queen of what she did by visiting a large bride girl.
	She said to her daughter that she was looking for another woman, and she asked her husband to study the Bible with her, so that he could read the book with her when she explained it to her.
	At first, a young lady told To a large groana what she was feeling to come near a big girl and tell the queen about what she did.
	This queen was made of a little lion who had been picked from an adult denture, where she had been prepared from a well - made denigel.
	In the early summer of 1950, the queen of England was brought out of the shape of a young lion that was prepared with a large den of prey.
	The queen is made up of a tiny lion that was prepared from an immense lecher. The queen is a symbol of her great - great - powered kingdom.
	The queen is made of a small lion, which had been prepared from large pieces of ivory, with two young lions making it a precious treasure, a beautiful home in the garden of Gethsemane, a well along with two young lions.
	A very large denture is the queen made of a tiny lions. What does she know about this young ruler and the ruler of Babylon?
	While there, Queens were taken to the girl, a great voice of laurete.
	At that time, a girl was taken to the queen, a great chorus of laurete. The queen was also taken into her home and told the king of the city what she was doing to save her household.
	At that time the queen was taken to the queen, who was hosted by Laut. It is no surprise, then, that her daughter is a prostitute.
	During that time, she was taken to the girl, who was hosting the greatest shout for Laurel.
	During this time the queen was taken to the girl, who played a large vendetta. The girl had already died, and she had been killed.
	The young woman said with enthusiasm: "When I see my mother do that, I think it's all right, but I can see it's hard to understand what happened to me, so I'm not sure. "
	The young woman exclaimed, "I know what my mother did for me?
	This young person was excited about what my mother had done for me, and she told me with a good heart: "If I want to know why you want to marry, I will come home. "
	I am happy that I did something else. This girl's enthusiastic voice said: "We don't think that is what my mom did to me?
	A young woman with an intense smile said: "I know what my mother has done for me?
	On arriving there, the queen was offered a large cow's hand - a bride who had to wait for her to come to Bethel for three years but had to wait to see her again.
	After arriving there, the queen was given a big prize to a young girl's hand.
	The queen was there, and it was delivered to a young girl by the hand of a young girl.
	Upon arriving, she was presented a large hammer to the young girl's hand.
	On arriving, the queen was presented a huge banquet at the hands of a girl.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The suspect's complaints about his treatment by police were noted and he was taken into custody.
Top 25 Translations
	The confused police had been complained about their treatment and they was taken into custody.
	The suspect police had been complained about their treatment and he was taken into custody.
	The suspect police were complaining about their treatment of the treatment and he had been taken into custody.
	The suspect police were reported to them about their treatment and she was put in custody.
	The suspect police had been complained to about their treatment and he was taken into custody.
	The suspicious police had complained about his behavior... and he was taken into custody.
	The suspicious police had complained about his behavior... and took him into custody.
	The suspicious police had complained about her behavior... and took her into custody.
	The suspect police complained of her behavior... and taken her into custody.
	The suspect police had complained about her behavior... and she was taken into custody.
	There were complaints by suspicious police about their behavior... and they were arrested.
	There was a complaint about their behavior by fearful police... and arrested them.
	There was a complaining about their treatment by the suspicious police... and they were arrested.
	There was a complaining about the behavior of the suspicious police... and they were arrested.
	A report about their behavior by the fanatic police... and they were arrested.
	The suspect was told about her treatment by the police and she was arrested.
	The suspicion was told about her treatment of the police and she was arrested.
	The suspicion was mentioned by the police about her treatment and was arrested.
	The suspicion was expressed on his treatment of the police and he was arrested.
	The suspicion that the police told him about his treatment and held him in custody.
	The doubts police had been criticized for their conduct and had taken him into custody.
	There was criticized by suspicious police its behavior and took him into custody.
	The suspicious police were critical of their behavior and was taken into custody.
	The doubts police were criticized and taken into custody.
	I was criticized for my behavior by suspicious police and was taken into custody.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "We will surely lessen our problems if we work together on a solution."
Top 25 Translations
	"If we work together on a solution, we will minimize our problem."
	"If we work together on a solution, we will reduce our problem."
	"If we work together on a solution, we'll reduce our problem."
	"If we work together at a solution, we will lower our problem."
	"If we act together on a solution, we will reduce our problem."
	And when we meet anyone for such a task, we will say, "We will lower your problems."
	When we meet someone for such a thing, we will say: 'We will reduce your problems'
	And when we meet someone for such a cause, we shall say: We will reduce your problems.
	When we meet someone for such a cause, we will say, "We will reduce your problems."
	And when We meet one for that which is a work, we will say, "We will reduce your problems."
	"We're totally going to cut down our problem if we work along a solution."
	"We will completely reduce our problem if we work together on a solution."
	"we're going to take complete lower our problem if we work with a solution."
	"We'll totally decrease our problem if we work together on a solution."
	"We're completely going to reduce our problem if we work together on a solution."
	"If we're dealing with a solution, we'll lose our problem."
	"If we're working along a solution, we'll lose our problem."
	"If we're working along a solution, we'll diminish our problem."
	"if we've been working on a solution, we'll lose our problem."
	"If we're dealing with a solve, we'll lose our problem."
	"We'll definitely slow down our problem, we can work together."
	"We will definitely slow down our problem, we can work together."
	"We'll definitely slow down our problem, we can work together."
	"We will definitely slow our problem down, we can work together."
	"We'll definitely reduce our problem, we can work together."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We paid the lawyer to draw up a totally new will, one which left the three boys much better off.
Top 25 Translations
	One lawyer we had given a lawyer to make a whole new purpose, which would have given it to three boys to leave so much better.
	We gave the lawyer the lawyer a whole new wish, who left three boys too much to do.
	We gave the lawyer a plan to make one of our new intentions, which left the three boys so much better.
	A lawyer we gave the lawyer to forge a whole new wish, leaving three boys pretty much better.
	One lawyer we gave a lawyer to build a whole new plan, which left three boys so much better.
	We paid to the lawyer to add to the new desire, one that left three boys better.
	We paid the lawyer to fill out the entirely new desire, one of the three boys left well-bye.
	We paid the lawyer to raise the whole new wish, one that left three boys better.
	We paid for the lawyer to add a completely new desire to, one boys more than three.
	We paid to the lawyer to raise a totally new idea, one that left three boys over.
	Our lawyer paid to attract the entire new desire, one who left a lot better than those three boys.
	Our lawyer paid to invite completely the new will, one who gave much better than those three boys.
	Our lawyer paid very much to get to the new wishes, one who gave too much better than those three boys.
	Our lawyer paid to attract completely the new will, one who left a lot better than those three boys.
	Our lawyer paid to attract fully the newest wish, one who left too much better than those three boys.
	We paid the lawyer for extending a completely new desire, which gave up more than three boys.
	We paid the lawyer to increase a completely new wish, leaving it far better than three boys.
	We paid the lawyer for raising a completely new desire, which gave up far more than three boys.
	We paid for the lawyer to add a completely new desire, leaving them much better than three boys.
	We paid the lawyer for building a completely new wish, which left nothing better than three boys.
	We paid to the lawyer for having a completely new desire, one of whose three boys got better than the one.
	We paid for having the lawyer's entire new wish, one whose three sons were better than the boy.
	And we paid to the lawyer for having a whole new desire, one that had been much better than three boys.
	We paid for the lawyer to receive a completely new wish, one whose three boys had become so much better than the one.
	We paid to the lawyer to obtain the whole new desire, one whose three guys had become very much better than the one.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The optimum time for making decisions is lunchtime.
Top 25 Translations
	Hour - to - day preparation is a time for making decisions.
	Hourly meals are a meal to be served in order to make decisions.
	The hour - to - day program for making decisions will take up the afternoon meal.
	Time for personal decision is to prepare lunch. What do we need to do, and why?
	Hourly, lunch is an hour - to - day opportunity to make decisions.
	Good times are sufficient for decisions. The wise course, though, is not to provide a good time for personal decisions.
	There is more time to prepare for decisions. We must also make good use of it and our time.
	It takes so much effort and effort to do so that we can make our own decisions more acceptable to God.
	There is good time to prepare well - prepared meals to make decisions. In that way, we will be able to make wise decisions for ourselves and others.
	It takes a true time to prepare good time to make decisions.
	There is much work to be done. At times, we may have to wait until we have enough rest to make decisions in order to make the most decisions that make a success of our life.
	We can make it a point to make wise decisions and to prepare a lunch meal at night, perhaps at the same time, at an hour's end, until it is too late for us to make decisions.
	It is also important for Christians to consider whether it is necessary to prepare a meal for someone who has served Jehovah.
	If possible, you may decide to use a meal to help your teenager make wise decisions as long as they leave home. In the morning, meal is a time to make decisions.
	During summer, we need to prepare meals in the best manner possible. Our atmosphere can be used to help us make decisions.
	It is time for the appropriate time to make decisions. It is a time for us to exercise self - control.
	It is time for them to be on their guard and to have a clear understanding of what they will be able to do if they do not take part in doing so.
	The morning session is up to three months, and the evening is short. This is a time for our decision.
	There is a time of lunch to decide the appropriate time for each decision.
	It is the hour of lunch for the decision - making process.
	A refreshing time to make decisions comes up for lunch. It will not be enough to prepare a meal at night.
	He also knows that we need to give him our life, so we should keep in mind that he has provided what is needed and given us "the means of life and the means in which we may be able to endure. "
	A healthful time is needed to make decisions. The afternoon meal is used to provide them with the opportunity to share the knowledge of Jehovah God and his purpose for mankind.
	In addition, our Christian publications will help us to keep on feeding at the table, and we will be encouraged to follow Jehovah's direction on how to make wise decisions.
	In time, we may need to make some adjustments in order to improve the quality of our study habits.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The elderly patient was considered too frail to survive an operation.
Top 25 Translations
	Thus the doctor was able to prevent the operation of an operation on the part of his body, causing him to be killed by his elderly patient before he was treated.
	She was diagnosed with a flow of medicine, which was not the only way she could do this for an elderly patient.
	She thus was able to save her older patients from surgery. She was then released from a serious medical condition.
	He thus learned that Jehovah has the best place for the patient to deal with in a hospital where an operation is needed, and that he was able to save his elderly patients prior to the operation.
	This has helped to protect her elderly patients from surgery, and he is able to help them care for their needs.
	In order to prevent this disease, the aged patients were considered very weak - at times with health care or medical attention.
	The birth of an elderly patient, a terminally ill, did not take the time to explain what was happening to the patient, since he would not be able to care for his health.
	The elderly patient was considered very weak to treat this disease. He had to remain patient until he received help to cure the disease.
	The elderly woman was considered too vulnerable to the treatment, and she did not have any medical treatment.
	An elderly patient who had been very weak had to work with this patient to treat the disease.
	The older man was viewed as too weak to live with an operation. The apostle Paul wrote to the Corinthian Christians: "Let the sun not set with you in a provoked state; but let the sun not set with you in a provoked state; the moon not turn aside from your heels, neither let your feet perish by your eyes. "
	A patient patient was considered too weak to stay alive with an surgery. The doctor said: "I am very grateful to my father that he was able to care for my condition, and I am glad that he didn't know how I had to deal with it. "
	The elderly patient was considered extremely weak to survive with an operation. At the end of the second century, he was unable to carry out his service to God.
	An elderly man who had endured an operation was considered too weak to keep living.
	An elderly person who had patience was considered too weak to live with an operation.
	An operation was considered by the older ones too weak to avoid an operation.
	A surgery was considered very risky for the elderly. A study showed that when an operation was removed, the family could not find a place where it was used to carry an operation.
	An operation was considered to be too weak for the elderly to avoid.
	An operation was considered too weak for older ones to avoid an operation.
	A operation was considered to be too frail to the elderly. We were able to get medical attention, and it was difficult to find a doctor who was in a position to provide medical treatment for our family.
	However, at the age of ten, it was a very difficult experience for this elderly patient to deal with an operation that could help him to avoid the operation.
	The elderly patient was considered weak in an operation to protect himself from an operation.
	This elderly patient was considered to be very weak with an operation to help him avoid surgery.
	This elderly patient was considered vulnerable to an operation that had been weakened by a operation to avoid.
	This elderly patient was considered weak with an operation to ward off surgery, and he received medical attention from a medical doctor who had not given a proper treatment for surgery.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Last Sunday, the highest temperature in recorded history was registered.
Top 25 Translations
	The largest rise of history was registered on Sunday last of all on the Bible's record. What about the last of the weekly Sabbath?
	In the latter part of our 20th century, Jehovah's Witnesses began talking to people at various places to come, including one who did not know what to do and who lived in harmony with what God had taught them to do.
	The largest temperature in history was registered on the last Sunday of which the Bible says about the condition of the dead.
	On the final Sunday of human history, the Bible speaks of "the great dragon, " which is" the ruler of this world, " Jehovah God, and of his appointed King, Jesus Christ.
	THE largest temperature in history is registered, the last Sunday described in the Bible.
	On January 8, 1996, the European Court of Human Rights announced that all the members of Jehovah's Witnesses had to leave the area to get to the convention for the first time.
	Last Sunday, the most large temperature of history was registered.
	Last Sunday, the largest temperature in history was registered.
	Last Sunday, history's largest temperatures were registered.
	Last Sunday, the largest temperature in history was registered.
	Finally, the lowest temperature in written history was registered, but most of those who did not accept the good news could not find a way to express their gratitude to God.
	Last Sunday, the greatest temperature in written history was registered.
	Last Sunday, the biggest temperature for written history was registered.
	On the Sunday mornings last Sunday, the largest temperature for written history was registered.
	Last Sunday, the largest temperature in written history was registered, and a total of 1 out of every 12 Witnesses in that country were assigned there to attend the annual festivals held by Jehovah's Witnesses.
	The highest temperature in history was registered on last Sunday. A few weeks later, in June 1996, an estimated 50,000 people attended the Memorial of Christ's death.
	The last Sunday, the largest temperature in history, was registered.
	At last Sunday, the greatest temperature in history was registered.
	Last Sunday, the biggest temperature in human history was registered.
	On the last Sunday, the largest temperature in history was registered.
	Last Sunday, the greatest temperature of history, recorded in the first half of the year, was registered.
	ON Sunday last Sunday, the highest temperature of the history that was recorded was registered.
	Last Sunday, the largest temperature of history, recorded, was registered.
	On Sundays last Sunday, the largest temperature of history was registered.
	Last Sunday, the biggest temperature in history was registered.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
Top 25 Translations
	Breast milk is a most important source of vitamins D and is no significant part of food.
	milk is a very important source of vitamins, and there is no significant ingredient in food.
	One of the most important sources of milk, milk, vitamins, and any vital component of food.
	milk is an integral source of vitamins D and is no important part of food.
	milk, which is an important source of vitamin D and is no significant part of food.
	What does it mean to eat a meal? Consider: If you eat an food, do you not want it to be eaten at all?
	When you eat, you have an extremely important role in your diet. You may not know how much you can spend on it and how to take care of it.
	As you eat, it is highly important for you to be careful, especially when you're eating.
	If you have an appetite for food, it has much to do with you.
	When you eat a meal, that is of great significance to you. It means that you have something to eat.
	Weapons of milk, sugar, and vitamins are among the significant sources of D and is a vital part of any diet.
	Milk, sugar, and vitamin D are an important source and are an important part of any diet.
	One of the principal sources of breast - sugar and vitamins is milk, sugar, and vitamins, and any form of food is a vital ingredient of food.
	One important source of milk, sugar, and vitamin D is a vital food of any kind.
	As you can understand, eating habits are vital to your health, but it is not all too easy to get to the point where it comes from.
	The milk is also a important source of Ou, an important virus and vitamin D, and there is no important part of diet.
	We are told: "Do not be amazed at how often you are eating or drinking, for there is no food for you at all or just when you are drinking. "
	The milk is an important source of toxic and vitamins, and there is no important diet. In addition, the milk is a vital source of vitamins and vitamins.
	It has to be done with the right dose of milk from the right to the left or the right amount to the right end. But milk is a vital source of enzyme and vitamins, and any food is an important part of diet.
	It also contains the milk milk and the milk of the milk, which is part of a vital source ofatuology and vitamins, and none of the food.
	This is a vital part of food, and it is a vital part of any diet.
	This is a significant part of food that is a important part of any diet. But in order for you to be made available, you must also need food to prepare and maintain your appetite for it.
	It is an important part of meal and is a vital part of any diet.
	This is a significant part of the food and is a significant part of any diet.
	It is an important part of food and is a significant part of any diet.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The customs officer was suspicious and called the man over to inspect his luggage more closely.
Top 25 Translations
	The man was asked to sell his belongings more carefully.
	The man was told to sell his possessions to him with greater attention. He could not have been invited to come and buy some things at a certain price.
	A man was told to sell his supplies carefully; he was told to sell his stuff more carefully.
	In one city there was a young man, who had a well - paying job to pay for. The man was told to sell his stuff more carefully.
	He asked him to sell his luggage carefully, and he did not want to do so. The man was told the best thing he could to sell his goods.
	As they were confused, they asked the man to look up what he had given them, but the woman was so impressed that they had no interest in him.
	As a result of his skeptical stand, they asked the man to look up his belongings and see the man more carefully.
	" They asked him about what he had done, " he replied, "and he told us what he wanted to say about the young man. "
	As a result of their doubt, the young man asked the man to observe his possessions more carefully.
	The people were doubting about the sign, so the man asked him to look more closely at it.
	For example, a brother who was studying the Scriptures with him asked the man if he had neglected a certain custom and wanted to examine his belongings.
	The man was confused about such customs and asked to check his belongings.
	In his search for these customs, the man doubted what they were, and asked him to examine their belongings.
	This man's reaction caused him to doubt and told him to look for his belongings.
	Such practices caused him to fall into doubt and to look after his belongings, perhaps thinking that he had no choice but to have his own interests in mind.
	The man thought he was going from the home in another location but would be very careful about being more careful than ever.
	The man thought he was going through another place from one of the workers but was being more cautious.
	However, the man felt that he was going from the house to another place, but he was becoming more careful about being in the house.
	But the man thought he had been going from a man's house on another route and was taking greater caution.
	The man felt that he was going out of a man's house a second place, but he was taking more care of it.
	The young man called the man to study with caution. One day a fellow Witness came and told the man where he was going to go.
	The man invited him to have his belongings carefully studied.
	When he was about ten, he told the minister: "You've learned a lot about Jehovah's Witnesses and his Bible - based publications. "
	The man invited the man to study carefully. He asked the man if there was anything to say about Jehovah's Witnesses and why he did not study the Bible.
	The man invited the man to study carefully, and he began to study the Bible with the Witnesses.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Are these old plates of vital importance or can I put them into storage?
Top 25 Translations
	Such articles help to develop a personal relationship with Jehovah.
	This series of articles can develop a personal relationship with Jehovah.
	Such articles are able to cultivate an intimate relationship with Jehovah.
	Such articles can build a personal relationship with Jehovah.
	These articles can help build up a personal relationship with Jehovah.
	Or can I bring them up to the store when they are old enough to care for one another? '
	Are these old garments important, or am I able to carry them to the store?
	Am I in such an effort to have these long - term gems in my life? Can I take these old pins into the store?
	Have I made these former curtains necessary, or can I take them to the store?
	Do I need these old garments or can I carry them to the store?
	Are these ancient plates significant, or can I hold them in stock?
	Can these older plates really be of value, or can I put them into stock?
	Are such former plates of importance important or am I able to hold them in stock?
	Could these old plates be valuable or could I place them in the store?
	Are these former plates of importance important or can I hold them in stock?
	Can I take these old plates in my mind or hold them in something great? Would I have kept them in my place?
	Could I place these old plates in my own office, or could I put them in one great thing?
	Could I keep those old plates as important as my body or as a large item?
	Could I keep these old plates in my mind or put them in some larger item? Do I feel that I am having them in my mind? '
	What do I have to do with my old plates? Or will I put them into some larger matter? What is the difference between being older and being older? '
	Could I place these ancient machines at ease or buy them for money? Or would my family allow him to buy them?
	Do I value these old machines or purchase them for buying? What do I want them to do? '
	Would I put these ancient machines in a huge deal, or might I purchase them?
	What do I give these old machines to value? Or might I buy them for money? Would I use it to put these old machines at risk or to buy them?
	Can I give such older machines tremendous importance or be bought to purchase them?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The humble bee, so often taken for granted, plays a key role in agriculture.
Top 25 Translations
	Humility is so important that it is frequently praised and plays a very important role in the field.
	Humility is so important that it is often praised and involved in a very important part of the field.
	Humility is often praised and played with a big role in the field. It is especially important for us to be humble and humble.
	It is important to be humble, often praised, and maintain a vital role in the field.
	It is vital that we cultivate humility, especially if we are able to work on a particular field or a job that we would like to spend at least six years of time in Jehovah's service.
	They start to teach their children about Jehovah and the Kingdom, his purposes, and the hope of living forever in Paradise on earth.
	They walk to sell their home from one field after another. But what a privilege it is for them to make that work!
	They leave their homes and belongings in only a field that is open to them, so they leave the fields to sell their own.
	When it comes to teaching, they have the opportunity to make a personal decision and to learn how to teach their children the truth about God's Kingdom.
	They leave to sell their own houses and property in one field, but they do not have to do so as long as it does.
	However, farming can be made available, and this need not be put on effort to build the fields.
	However, farming is not required. It can be cultivated.
	But farming may not be needed, but it can be cultivated.
	However, farming does not necessarily require effort. For instance, it has to be cultivated, for it has a hard time, even a few years.
	However, this is not a requirement for planting, which can be tried to thrive.
	What, then, are some things we should never have felt about our field service? How should we feel about it?
	Yet, how should we view the fields we see in them? How can we benefit from the illustration of the farmer in Jesus'parable of the wheat and the weeds?
	Yet, what about the fields that we may consider to be should be compared to those of green grass?
	But how should we compare these to the field that Jehovah has given to us? As we shall see, the seed of seed is made with the soil, but how should we feel about it?
	But how should we compare those with the seed that we see from among our seed?
	This type of food, however, can be quite challenging to lower and improve in order to support the spread of good food.
	But it can be challenging to reduce or improve this kind of food.
	However, doing so can be difficult to reduce and improve the quality of this food. It can also be difficult to help you to develop your own tastes.
	However, helping to diminish and improve the quality of such food is hard to do.
	However, it can be very difficult to lose and improve the amount of food we eat.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Singers take care of their voice to guarantee optimum performance.
Top 25 Translations
	Songs take care to guarantee their voice, so that they will guarantee the display. The song aids the reader is to be well - known for their singing.
	Musical songs need to be very careful about their voice in order to guarantee a fine display.
	Songs should take care to guarantee goodm performance. To do so is to make them more successful in their singing.
	Singers need to take care of their voice so that they are able to guarantee good mummers.
	The songs have to pay attention to their voice, so as to guarantee the display of goodmum.
	The singers paid attention to their voices so that they could guarantee that they could pay maximum attention to what they were to do.
	In order to prove to themselves maximum of the volume, singers kept the volume in check so that the singers could prove to be able to make the maximumest of them.
	In the middle of the second century, when the students began studying the Bible with a young man, the teacher asked the students: "What does this journal mean to you, and what are some important lessons for you? "
	The singers listened to their voice so as to guarantee their maximum size. They were encouraged to remember Jehovah by singing and by their songs, a beautiful song, and a beautiful song.
	One of the most beautiful songs that the singers had in mind was the singing of the song. The singers kept in mind to guarantee the maximum maximum number of the needs of the singers.
	The singers recognize their volume as guarantee of the display of Mummim. The music is a protection to many people in our day.
	The lyrics take an idea of a voice to guarantee a manifestation of Mammmmmum.
	Irrawaddies care about their voice and guarantee that they can be guaranteed by the exhibits of Mhammmum.
	The singers take their voice to ensure a demonstration of Misamum's presence.
	I would like to explain to you the value of what you are doing to improve your skills as teachers of the Watch Tower Society.
	Singers must carefully watch their voice to be properly presented. When the music is done, they may be able to do it at the proper time and at the proper time, at the proper time.
	The lyrics must be well - thought - out with a sense of humor.
	Songs have to be handled properly, and they have to use their voices carefully and carefully.
	How might we apply the words of the psalmist who sang: "How long will you give ear to Jehovah of armies, when there is jealousy, for there is no strife between you and the loving - kindness of your God which he has given you? "
	Songs must be taken into consideration to fit them properly, allowing them to express their thoughts to their voice and speak well of them and listen to them.
	The songs care about their voices, in which they can guarantee the suspect behavior.
	Songs that are sung take note of them in such a way that they will guarantee the suspect behavior.
	Singers care for their voices in a form that is able to guarantee suspect behavior.
	It is also a time to talk about music and singing. The lyrics observe their lyrics so that they can guarantee suspect behavior.
	The singers observe their voices so that they can guarantee inequating behavior. How Would You Answer?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even if you can't quit smoking, you should do your best to at least cut down a bit.
Top 25 Translations
	You should pay your full share of at least a little cut, though you can't quit smoking.
	You must pay yourself to at least a little cut.
	You must pay your very whole amount to cut a bit if you cann't quit smoking.
	You should pay your wages at least at least a little cut.
	You should give yourself at least a little bite, if you can't quit smoking.
	Even if you can't burn up, you must fill your entire amount to at least cut a little bit.
	No matter what you can't smoke, you should pay your full full pay to reduce at least some of your cuts.
	No matter how long you can't burn, you must pay your entire full measure of at least a little cut.
	Even if you can't remove smoking, you should pay your full full full measure to cut at least a bit.
	Even if you can't quit smoking, you should pay your full full payment for at least some cuts.
	Even if you can't smoke, you must pay at least one small cut.
	Even if you can't smoke, you must pay at least a small cut.
	Even if you can't smoke, you should pay your fill to at least a small cut.
	Even though you can't smoke, you should pay your fill to at least a small cut.
	Even if you can not smoke, you must pay your fill to at least a small cut.
	You're not going to smoke even if you're going to have to do the best you've to do for your own money... then at least as many as one cut off should get rid of it.
	I'm not supposed to smoke, but you have to give up as much as you want... so at least you should try to keep a lot of people in my power of reason.
	I'm just a bit too bad to smoke. I think you can't smoke, although I have to try to give up on my own... at least, at least to cut a bit.
	You can't smoke, even if you're to have to do all you can to get as many... as I can't smoke.
	You cannot smoke, even though you have to do the best you could to pay your bills... then at least one bit of it should be cut.
	If you can't smoke, at least for the cut a little should pay for your own cut.
	Even if you cannot smoke, at least to cut it off should fill you for at least some cuts.
	In spite of your ability to do smoke, even if you cannot, you should pay at least for a little cut.
	Even when you can't smoke, at least for a little cuts should fill your fill.
	If you can't smoke, you should pay yourself for at least a little cut.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The charity dance raised $5000 and the hospital was able to buy a new heart scanner.
Top 25 Translations
	When they arrived at their home, they asked me how I was feeling and what had happened to them.
	He told us that he did not like that and that he was impressed with what we had been doing, and I realized that nothing was possible for him.
	When I returned to prison, I saw that I had been arrested and sentenced to ten years'imprisonment, where I had been sent by Jehovah's Witnesses.
	I felt good about the brothers and began to realize that my life was not the same as I used to do when they came to the meetings.
	This impressed the brothers, and I understood that it was possible for me to take anything. I did not understand all that was needed for me.
	This was how the flow of donations saved $15,000 lives and made the hospital able to buy a new heart scanner.
	It was also a pleasure to be able to read, for many people have been taught to read the Bible regularly. This may have resulted in the saving lives of 500,000 people and was able to buy a new heart scanner.
	This connection with the diet could save lives of $25,000 and enabled the hospital to purchase a new heart scanner.
	This operation of contributions was thus possible to save the lives of $5,000, and the hospital was able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	In fact, some experts recommend: "Subormicide is the way it is made. " This type of gift can save a lives of $5,000, and the hospital enabled to buy a new heart scanner.
	Thus, they finished their Christian activities once again, and then a year later, he was invited to attend the meetings.
	He thus ended up attending the convention of Jehovah's Witnesses once again, and one year later, he received the invitation to attend the meetings again.
	In this way, he concluded the convention at Jehovah's Witnesses once again, and then a year later he was invited to attend the meetings again.
	He then concluded the convention convention at Jehovah's Witnesses, and in time, he received the invitation to return to his meetings again once a year.
	He then concluded a convention at Jehovah's Witnesses, and then a year later he received an invitation to attend the meetings.
	This was encouraging, but we found little time to do. We were happy to make sacrifices to Jehovah in prayer.
	I was very encouraged by the fact that we were not yet assigned to do so. As a result, I realized that it was wrong for me to use my time and energy in the field ministry.
	That was a real source of comfort, but it did not allow us to have more time for the work we were assigned to do.
	This provided much comfort, but it is not easy to find more time for that.
	We could not do that for another reason. It brought great comfort to me, but we would not have more time to get out of it.
	There were 5,000 lost in the death of many, including those who had died in World War II and many of whom were still in prison for eight years.
	After the war, there were 5,000 people, many of whom had died.
	After which, there were 5,000 Witnesses then in the area, with many dead people lying in death.
	Thereafter, there were 5,000 people who had lost their lives, and the majority of whom had died.
	In those years, there was a peak of 5,000 people, many of whom had died.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: It is often only through long experiments of trial and error that scientific progress is made.
Top 25 Translations
	It is often known for long periods of tests and mistakes that science has begun to make progress.
	The first time you are exposed to a new subject, you might wonder if it is a scientific textbook or an scientific guide that you will take to heart.
	The results of research in the past are often simplistic. These may have been a long - term study, such as a scientific development.
	In some places it is difficult to find a doctor who can provide information on the way to cure an accident - a serious accident that is common to science.
	Often the tests and mistakes have long been identified as scientific progress.
	This is the only way to find a detailed test and a long misunderstanding of the error and error that scientist progress is designed.
	It is by simply checking the long test and error of the case that scientists are designed to develop.
	This merely occurs by examining the long trial and error that scientific progress is developed.
	It does not seem to have been the case with the scientists, but it is not the result of the progress of science fiction.
	It is only through tests and long examination and error that scientists are developed as a result of scientific progress.
	That often involves an extensive test and a long check of wrongdoing that scientific progress is being made.
	It often refers to the ongoing testing and a serious sin that scientific progress is being made.
	It is often associated with testing and a extended evaluation of a scientific progress.
	This often associated with testing and a long study of mistake that scientific progress is being made.
	It is often related to tests and long investigation that scientist progress is being made.
	This is done alone by an examination only for a long advance of testing and mistakes that scientists have been making progress.
	In view of this, however, there has been no denying that most people do not want to take a firm stand for the Bible, as the psalmist wrote: "In the morning sow [the seed seed] that does not wither, and in the morning sow sow, and reap seed with seed; for in the days of an exhausted land there will be no water. "
	This is done just by carefully examining for a long time before trial and error can be examined that scientific progress is being made.
	This is made by an examination for a long period of testing and error that scientific progress is being made.
	This is done only through tested and even long - term investigation that scientific progress is being made.
	This is often done by checking through an ongoing trial and a long trial of wrongdoing that scientific progress is being made.
	It is often done by checking into a long examination and a long trial of wrongdoing that scientists are being made progress.
	These are often made by checking a long examination and long examination of the mistake that scientists are being made to progress.
	This is usually done by testing out and throughout the long testing of the error that scientific progress is being made.
	It is usually done by tests and long tests of guilt that scientific progress is being made.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The working day in the factory is divided into day and night shifts.
Top 25 Translations
	Every day, the factory work is organized through day after day. It is often made up of the day and night.
	It is often shared day - to - day, day, and day after day.
	The Bethel service day is divided day after day. There is no work that has been done on earth.
	Of course, it is a challenge to be at home at night and in order to maintain a good relationship with God.
	A factory factory job divides day by day.
	It is done by sharing in work throughout the day and through the night.
	It has been described as a work of water that divides the work of working day and night, and it also helps us to make the best use of the time available, energy, and resources available to our brothers and sisters.
	In the early 1950's, the factory had a printing press on which it was built. This factory was shared all day and night.
	The factory is used to divide the changes each day and the rest of the night.
	It has been called a factory service because it is part of the operation of the night and the change of the night.
	It makes work work the day in the factory splits day by day and night into shift.
	The job day after day and night is divided into work in the factory.
	Work in the factory day after day divides to day and night shift.
	Every day the work in the factory is divided into day and night shift.
	The work in the factory divides the day by day and night into shift.
	The factory is separated by day - in - day separated from night and night.
	In the meantime, we have been organized into three or four congregations throughout the world for a few hours.
	In the meantime, many of the brothers take care of their assigned duties to assist them in the ministry.
	At first, they could be assigned as regular pioneers and assigned to assist in the traveling work.
	The train takes about two hours to train us and our family and our daughters to prepare them for the trip to Bethel, where work is split by day and night.
	For example, a couple may have had to work three hours a day each week with the other in the factory and a number of other things at a store.
	Work in the factory is divided day after day. The factory is arranged, and its work has become a part of day by day.
	The factory is divided through day after day.
	Work in the factory is divided day after day.
	Work at the factory is split into days, so we have to put it into practice.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The job is tough, lonely and yes, on occasion, even depressing.
Top 25 Translations
	This work, being difficult, lonely, and even difficult, is not easy to cope with. It is not easy, though, when it is difficult to be present.
	This work is difficult, lonely, and even difficult.
	This is extremely disturbing, lonely, and even difficult - toll.
	That is an amazing assignment - loneliness, and indeed, even difficult - and it has come to be.
	It is extremely difficult, lonely, even challenging - for us and for young ones - and for many of the challenges of life.
	It also becomes extremely difficult, lonely, yes, and sometimes sad.
	It can make a difference to a person's feeling that he is doing something that is difficult - yes, even sad at times.
	In recent years, there has been millions of new Kingdom publishers, who serve in foreign lands, where they continue to serve.
	This task is hard to get, alone, yes, and sometimes sad at times.
	It may take only a fraction of the time. It can be a bitter experience, even sad, from which it can have a hard time - physically, yes, sometimes even with sadness.
	However, work is very difficult and at times deeply sad. For instance, a brother may be able to attend Christian meetings at a meeting, but he or she is not at all in the full - time ministry.
	Work, however, is a very difficult and embarrassing one at times very hard to find. It can also make a difference.
	Work is hard work, however, and it may be extremely distressing at times.
	Of course, work may be hard, but it can be quite distressing at times.
	However, work is extremely difficult and very sad at times.
	Work is difficult, lonely, or even out - of - date. It can be frustrating, even frustrating, to know that it is not always easy.
	Work is extremely difficult, single, and sometimes exhausted. We have a very good job, so to speak, we have to look for the good in ourselves and in others, or our loved ones.
	Job's work is too difficult, lonely and even exhausted, even at times.
	Job is so extreme, lonely, and even exhausted at times.
	The job is too hard, one - and - a - half - minute, even to lose control of one's work at times.
	Sometimes, however, work gets quite negative, even desperate.
	Sometimes, however, work becomes very poor, even desperate. But there is much we can learn about Jehovah.
	Yet, work is at times the worst, and it can even become deeply disappointed. It may be painful to do so.
	Sometimes, though, work becomes very difficult, even very desperate. What a joy it has been to be able to do this!
	Yet, at times jobs can be very difficult, even discouraging.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The shopping centre was built surrounded by a vast extent of concrete for parking.
Top 25 Translations
	Many items were used in shopping, while the building was filled with huge materials.
	A number of factors were involved in buying. They were the first to pay for their buying money, and many of it was done at the bottom of the building.
	In some lands, it is common for people today to have little or no respect for money, such as the shopping center and the press, as well as the construction of a store's house.
	In addition to being well - off, many of the buildings that were built were constructed with a high regard for the purchases.
	A huge quantity of shopping items were made on the front side of the building.
	A huge market house - one after another - is built into an important market.
	A large market house that is built after a long time is the home of one of the most massive market centers ever built.
	One large markethouse is called the ark of the covenant, one of which was built at a large shopping center.
	" We are not going to have a business, " he recalls, "but we have to work with our children so well that we can have it at night. "
	In fact, in a much larger shopping complex, the marketplace is one of the most expensive centers ever built, the most popular of all fashions in modern - day history.
	It was designed with highly elevated buildings. And it is not surprising, then, that there was only one group of people who loved Jehovah in their home and served him.
	The shopping industry was made of numerous buildings, many of which served as a source of spiritual food for the first time in the year 30 C.E.
	The market stores were built with a high - ranking buildings. But they couldn't afford to eat or drink the same food.
	In fact, the shops were built with high buildings - not the most popular of these houses in the ancient world.
	The shops had a high - qualityly complexed store and had been the only means to keep people from becoming believers.
	The building was built all around the market with copies of literature, such as literature, books, and Bible study aids.
	There were a large number of books on the street around the local market. The brothers in the city of Velves and his family were very impressed to find out how much they were doing.
	Many books were placed around the outside building.
	The house was full of books and magazines round about the marketplace.
	Many literature literature was placed all around the building house outside the market.
	The market streets were surrounded by an height and were witnessed to many on one paper.
	A local market market was covered by a vast height and witnessed to many on one piece of paper.
	The market market was covered by an altitude, and many were being given witness on one street and a number of people.
	The shopping market was surrounded by a height, and many of the workers were given a witness on each paper.
	The marketplace market would be held in a height, and many would testify to one paper. In some cases the market was covered with roofing, but in another, many people would not know where to get a witness.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Every person in this room has played an important part in the success of the company.
Top 25 Translations
	Every person in this room has played a vital role in the success of the company.
	Each member of this room has played an important part in the success of the company.
	Every individual in the room has played a significant role in the success of the company.
	Each individual has a major role for success in the room. But it is one thing to be able to see the value of the company's success.
	Every individual on board of the room has played an important role in the success of the company.
	This room has an important role in mastering the company's success.
	It is a complex process in which each human has played an essential role in the successful success of the company.
	In this room each person has played an important role in the success of a company.
	In the same chamber, each individual has played an important role in the success of his company - and, of course, that is, how much the company can afford to earn money.
	Every person in the room has played a vital role in the success of the company.
	Each character in the room has played a key role in the success of the company.
	It was not unusual to see any large company or family members being held accountable for his crime, such as he was a soldier and had the reputation of being paid back in favor of losing their jobs.
	Every person's reputation in this room played a key role in the success of the company.
	Every personal journal has played an important role in the success of the company.
	Every personal promotion in this room has played an important role in the success of the company.
	It is the room where each man has made a valuable contribution in connection with the success of a company.
	It has helped people to make a key contribution to the success of the company.
	It has helped each person to get the most out of his company's company's success and the success of his employer. It can also be a challenge, not a business, but a business venture.
	Each person in this chamber has taken an important part to make success of a company. But what can be done to help the owner do so?
	The room itself contains an important part that each man has developed for the success of a company.
	Each member has a vital role in a company's success.
	This room holds an important role in connection with a company's success.
	Each of them has a key role in the success of the company.
	The contents of this room are a significant part of the commitment that each individual has played in the success of the company.
	This room plays an important role for the success of a company.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The little girl insisted until hospital staff finally showed her to her father's room.
Top 25 Translations
	Then little girl insisted... until the hospital staff finally showed her her to her father's room.
	Then the little girl urged... until finally the hospital staff showed her my father's room.
	Then little girl urged... until finally the hospital employee finally showed her her to her father's room.
	Then the little girl insisted until the hospital staff finally showed her to her father's room.
	Then the little girl insisted... until finally the staff of the hospital finally showed her her to her father's room.
	That little girl took force until hospital staff was finally shown her by her father's room.
	The little girl took hold of the moment until the hospital staff finally told her to her father's room.
	She held it until the hospital staff finally showed her to her father's room.
	That little girl insisted until the hospital staff finally showed her to her father's room.
	The little girl took hold of the emphasis until the hospital staff finally had shown her her to her father's room.
	The girl kept strict up till the hospital staff showed him to her in her father's room.
	The girl acted strongly till the hospital staff visited her in her father's room.
	She took hard action by force until the hospital staff showed her to her in her father's room.
	And the lady kept very strict until the hospital staff showed her in her father's room.
	The lady was very firm till the hospital staff showed her in her father's room.
	That little girl insisted that the hospital staff finally found her to be aware that she was at her father's room.
	And that little girl insisted that the hospital personnel finally discovered that she was in her father's room.
	That little girl urged the hospital staff to conclude finally she knew she was in her father's room.
	The little girl insisted that the hospital staff finally found her out she'd be in her father's room.
	That little girl urged that hospital staff finally found out she was in her father's room.
	The little girl called out loud, until the hospital staff saw her father's room.
	The little girl cried loud until hospital staff visited her in her father's room.
	The little girl called with a loud voice until hospital staff had appeared to him at his father's room.
	The little girl's voice was loud, until hospital staff showed her to their father's room.
	The little girl called out with a loud voice until hospital staff showed her her to their father's room.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The murderer worked in a cemetery and had no problems in disposing of the body.
Top 25 Translations
	This warrior had been a fugitive and had no problem restoring his body to the grave. So he had to take care of him.
	This murderer worked at the tomb and had had no problem restoring his body.
	This mortal had worked in the tomb and had no trouble restoring his body.
	He could not help his son, his sister, or some other brother. The manslayer served at the tomb, where there was no problem in restoring his body.
	This manslayer had been working in the grave and had no trouble restoring his body.
	This murderer had to work at the grave, destroying the body. He had to live in such a cave, and that meant putting out a plan for the rest of the animal's lives.
	The manslayer had to work in a burialplace, and he had no problem destroying the body.
	This manslayer had to work in the grave and had no problem destroying the body.
	The manslayer had to work in the tomb and have no problems destroying the body.
	This murderer had to work in a tomb and had no problem destroying the body.
	The murderer had to work in a tomb, not entirely cut the body off.
	That murderer needed a job in a grave and no need to cut the body off altogether.
	The manslayer had to work in the grave and have no need to rip the bodies in order to cut them completely.
	The manslayer had to work in the grave without having to completely rip the body. He had no time to know what was going on during his life.
	The manslayer was to work at the grave and no longer needs to rip the body completely. He had to die and die, although he was living at the death of Jesus Christ.
	This man had to work in a tomb and have no trouble handling the skin of his body.
	This murderer was to be a housekeeper and had no difficulty finding a place to fix the body's skin.
	This murderer had to work in a sepulchre, and there was nothing to put on his body's covering. He also knew what to do with the corpse.
	The murderer had to work in a tomb, and the skin of his body was not difficult to repair.
	This murderer had to work at a grave and have no problem healing his flesh. He was a murderer who could not afford a house to be buried but who had to pay for his sins.
	A manslayer acted in a funeral, and there was no problem with a cure for his body.
	The doctors worked in a store where a person was sick, and his body did not have trouble curing it.
	He would have been taken to a hospital where his blood transfusion was common. His body would have been put under a bed on a funeral bed but could not have been healed.
	His body was perfect, and he was unscathed, or in a hospital bed. However, at times there were problems, as was done in the hospital.
	One morning he had to work in a factory. A murderer had work in a tombs, and there was no need to repair it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Two local journalists were criticised for the part they played in spreading the malicious gossip.
Top 25 Translations
	A police officer offered this advice: "I had to convince you that what I had done was right.
	A police officer made this suggestion: "I needed to convince myself that I had done what was right.
	One police officer offered the following suggestion: "I still had to make sure that I did what I had done. I didn't know what I was thinking, so I felt that it was wrong to do that. "
	A police officer offered this advice: "It was a constant need for me to convince myself that what I did was right.
	One of the officers suggested this: If I believed what I did, I would never believe it.
	He tried to accuse them and told them that others refused to speak. However, he did not allow them to spread the good news.
	In fact, Jesus was speaking against them on the night before his arrest, and he said that they would not spread their message.
	Jesus was not harsh about his followers when he spoke to them about the Kingdom. He tried to condemn them, and he warned them that they did not want others to keep their speech to spread.
	Jesus'disciples were known for their hypocrisy. He tried to contradict them and asked them to avoid their efforts to spread the good news.
	He tried to reproach them and told them that they were avoiding spreading their ideas. The Jewish religious leaders, however, refused to allow such criticism to deter them from spreading their message.
	In the past, journalists in Athens and others were known for being honest and helpful in their dealings with fellow Christians. They were known as the greatest minister who ever lived.
	However, there was a good news to be found, especially in China and China. Two journalists were treated with slander in an effort to spread abusive gossip.
	Two journalists were disgraced in the widest sense of the widespread public spread of scandal. But as he did not know what was happening in his home country, he went from house to house.
	Two journalists were notorious for the apparent extent to which they were conducted to spread the spread of hurtful gossip.
	Two journalists were accused of having a reputation for having a reputation for spreading harmful gossip.
	" When I see him, I ask to do what I have done, and I know he'm trying to help me, " he said.
	He also described what kind of gossip he was about.
	Jesus also spoke about how he would talk about the type of gossip.
	The apostle was inspired to write that "the wisdom from above is first of all chaste. "
	He wrote to the Christians in Corinth, saying: "Let your manner of life be free of the love of money, while you are content with the present things; for this is what God has distributed to you. "
	They had been unjustly accused and had been falsely accused.
	Thus the heart of the people was being denounced, accused, and unjustly accused.
	This was certainly true of those who took the lead in preaching the good news. They were often falsely accused and persecuted, but they did not share their religious beliefs.
	The Jews were deceived by false accusations and outright lies, and the Jews were often accused of breaking God's Law.
	They may have been accused of using their tongues as false and thus may have been accused of lying and blasphemy.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Charlie almost got to the end of the speech before he was interrupted by a drunk guest.
Top 25 Translations
	Charlie almost got to the end of the talk before a drunken guest disturbs him.
	Charlie's almost found to end a conversation before a drunk guest bothers him.
	Charlie almost got to the end of the conversation before the guests get upset at him.
	Charlie almost got in the end of the talk before a drunk visitor upset him.
	Charlie almost got to the end of the matter before the guests get upset at him.
	Charlie's got the end of the speech before almost a drunken guest was upset.
	Charlie's ended the speech before almost a drunk guest was disturbed.
	Charlie got the final talk before he was disturbed by almost a drunk guest.
	Charlie went to the speech before he was upset by almost a drunk guest.
	Charlie's got the opening of a talk almost before he's worried with a drunk guest.
	Silas nearly reached the end of this thing that a Tutsi visitor disturbed him.
	Philip almost reached the end of that thing when a drunken visitor troubled him.
	After a few more discussions with him about his business, Silas arrived almost at the end of the matter and made him nervous.
	Philip almost came to the end of that thing when a senior visitor troubled him.
	Silas almost reached the end of that conversation that a riotous visitor troubled him.
	Charlie came to the end of the talk before he almost crashed by a drunk guest.
	Charlie came at the end of a talk before he almost got caught with a drunken guest.
	Charlie reached the end of the speech before his arrival was connected by nearly a drunk guest.
	Charlie went to the end of the discourse almost before a drunk guest went to a public meeting.
	Charlie came near the end of the talk before a drunken guest was interrupted.
	Charlie nearly ended... before he got angry with a guest.
	Charlie had almost finished until he burst into a drunken guest.
	but I'm not sure you're here for me, so it's all right.
	Charlie has almost finished... before he interrupts with the guest.
	Charlie was around... before he got drunk to touch a guest.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Doctors say antibiotic usefulness varies from patient to patient.
Top 25 Translations
	Doctors say that just a limited degree of treatment is needed for the patient, yet this may be quite helpful.
	Even if the patient needs some medical attention, the doctors say that it can be helpful to keep a balanced view of medical treatment.
	Doctors say that few treatment measures may be required in case a patient needs a certain amount, but it is much easier to accept the treatment.
	The doctor notes that just a limited amount of medication is needed, but it can be helpful.
	Medical researchers say that a measure of treatment is required for patients, so it can be very helpful.
	Doctors use the patient's body in a different way.
	In some lands, it is not always easy for doctors to exercise their patients'right to do the hospital's work.
	In another way, doctors use a different method of use the patient's body.
	The doctor used a different method. The patient is in good health but is not in good health.
	Other medical patients have a different method of use in order to maintain their body body cells, even though they cannot be removed properly by the patient.
	However, many patients find it hard to make their own decisions. Some feel that there is no way to prevent them from getting to know the person or her doctor better if he does not have time to eat.
	Some experts recommend that patient patients spend less time with a patient, thus reducing their risk of developing an attack on a patient.
	To spend too few time with the patient, doctors say that there takes much time on the patient's treatment.
	Some medical experts say that an extra amount of time does take on the patient's disease, as it is called, is required for patients to spend less time with them.
	The doctors say that there is much time available for patient treatment to spend with the patient.
	 In the United States alone, the average person has a heart attack, says Dr.
	 Is there any way to deal with it? Laughter can help a patient to experience the disease, says Dr.
	 Help an patient to develop his or her condition, saying that this type of treatment has a bearing on the patient's illness.
	A study conducted by the National Institute of Health revealed that "most of people who suffer from vascular diseases [are now] unaware of their condition, " and" they can't understand the condition that they are not healthy enough to die at all. "
	 It can help doctors to get a doctor's disease, says Dr.
	Doctors believe that patients need to give more time. In some countries, it is possible to get more out of work if patients don't have sufficient time to exercise.
	The doctor says that more attention is needed for an patient to care for him.
	The doctor says that patients need to spend more time on a doctor.
	Doctors say that there is an extra time to care for the patient. In some cases, however, there are some ways that you can do this.
	Doctors say that there is a great need for patients to make more time.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Despite past good performances, the actor was fired when the studio decided he had become a liability.
Top 25 Translations
	He was, however, interested in making his knowledge grow by studying the Bible and meditating on God's Word.
	Yet, he sought to deepen his knowledge by studying God's Word and meditation. He did this by regularly attending Christian meetings and by sharing in the public witnessing work.
	He did, though, try to deepen his knowledge by studying the Bible and by meditating on it.
	He did not seek to help others. However, he tried to deepen his knowledge by studying the Bible and meditating on God's Word.
	However, he tried to deepen his knowledge by studying the Bible and by meditating on it.
	He saw that there was nothing he could hear about what he was reading.
	He noticed that what he had been reading was uncontaminated.
	He observed that nothing he did understand what he was reading.
	He noticed that even when he saw what he had been reading, he could not understand anything.
	When he heard of what he had been reading, he said: "You are the people that have seen me and that I have heard your voice so that I may hear your voice and that I may hear your voice. "
	He was happy, however, when he came to realize that his change in life had made things very difficult.
	Still, when she applied Bible truths, she felt that she had changed her personality, and she began to feel that her decision would not go well.
	Nevertheless, he was glad when he applied Bible teachings to make changes. He later learned that Jehovah God has a name, Jehovah, as revealed in the Bible.
	Even so, after she applied Scriptural teachings, she knew that she had made adjustments, and she was happy.
	Still, when she applied Bible teachings, she learned that she took some steps, and it was delightful to find some practical ways to make her life more productive.
	As a result, he set out to work in front of the house - to - house ministry.
	The man asked him. He answered the questions, but then he left to work for his house - to - house ministry.
	As a result, he set out to serve in the house - to - house ministry with the house - to - house ministry.
	This led him to do things before the doorposts and the doorposts.
	However, he made arrangements for his assignment - to go to the house and work outside the home.
	He stated that in Jehovah's eyes, he was so happy that he was willing to serve in a foreign - language field.
	The Bible says that she "was pleased with the man [Jehovah]. "
	She wrote that she was happy to be able to serve Jehovah in his new world "in all creation that is under heaven. "
	In a similar way, I was able to see people with whom I was studying the Bible become very happy before I was able to study with them.
	She said: "It is wonderful that I have never been able to go back to it, because I'm not sure he would be there. "
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Police fear that the boy missing since Tuesday night is in danger.
Top 25 Translations
	Tuesday night is threatening since the police got scared that the boy's been lost.
	Tuesday night is in danger since the cops have been scared that the boy's lost is lost.
	Tuesday night is in danger since the police have been afraid that the guy's lost is lost.
	Tuesday night is in danger since the police got scared that the boy's been lost.
	Tuesday night is in danger after the police got scared that the guy's been lost.
	Police fear that boy has failed in danger since Tuesday night's time.
	Police fear that boy missing is in danger since Tuesday night's time.
	Police are in danger since Tuesday night is missing the boy.
	Police scared that boy is missing are in danger since Tuesday night's time.
	Police fear that boy missing is in danger from Tuesday night's while.
	The police are afraid to fall short of that boy, and they're in danger Tuesday night.
	The police fear they're in danger for losing the boy on Tuesday night.
	The police fear that the boy is going to lose is in danger Tuesday night.
	The police fear for losing that boy is in danger Tuesday night.
	The police fear that the boy is in danger Tuesday night.
	Police fearful that the boy has been threatened last night since the time he disappears.
	Police fear that boy has been threatened tomorrow night since the time he was deprived of it.
	Police scared that boy is threatened last night since he was missing.
	Police fear that the boy is threatened last night since he is missing.
	Police are in danger tomorrow night since that boy is missing.
	The police are afraid since the boy is missing is in danger Tuesday night.
	From the time of the police that boy is missing, the Tuesday night is in danger.
	The police are afraid since the boy is missing on Tuesday night is in danger.
	The police are afraid since they disappear boy's getting nowhere that's in danger Tuesday night.
	The police have fears since the boy's missing it, Tuesday night is in danger.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: As a matter of course, we delete all email records after three years.
Top 25 Translations
	Of course, in those three years, all of us have been responsible for removing e - mails and records, just as they did three years later.
	Surely in those three years, all of us must wipe off e - mail records, just as happened three years later.
	Surely in these three years, all of us would do as long as we would eliminate E -mail records, such as it had been three years later.
	Of course, within these three years, we would destroy E - mail records, even as was the case after three years.
	No doubt, within the three years, we would end all E - mail records just as it was three years later.
	Of course, we do destroy all these registered records three years later.
	The Bible's historical account tells us: "In the days of our kings [extension] the sun was turned over against them, and the moon against them was not brought to ruin. "
	Of course, such records are removed three years later.
	We are, of course, passing the records three years later.
	Of course, we destroy such pre - Christian accounts three years later. But we can still see what we can learn from what the Bible reveals about Jehovah and his dealings with mankind.
	Of course, three years later, we may have to remove all of your e - mail records.
	Of course, after those three years, we take all E - mail records - all of which are written over a period of time.
	These three years of research can help to eliminate all e - mail records.
	We will find the answer to those questions at that meeting and at our meetings, at the same time at our place of worship or in our witnessing territory, or at our house. Of course, these three years after all, we put off the e - mail records.
	Of course, three years later, all of us pass on e - mail records - and to keep our identity in line with Jehovah's purpose.
	But for the past three decades, we have long prepared to destroy every Edict, which seems to be a very well - written book.
	However, for the three years, we have been thoroughly prepared to remove every e - mail record.
	However, for three decades, we have been very willing to complete the witnessing work and to make up an extensive supply of information about Jehovah's Witnesses.
	The apostle John wrote: "I heard an angel say to us: " Lord, how many things you are doing, brothers, are doing and where you are going!'"
	However, we are willing to remove every email - recorded record for the past three years.
	Of course, as one thing, all the email record we do ends three years later.
	Of course, as a matter, all of us end up three email records Three Years later. The following article reveals how we will benefit from being instructed in God's Word.
	Of course, as a thing, all of us pass the preservative record three years later.
	Surely, as a thing of fact, all the email record we conclude three years later. As a result, we do not know how to use our life to gain accurate knowledge of God and his purposes.
	Of course, as a thing, all the mail record we pass over three years later.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The tribes on these islands carry out a strange hunting ritual at the beginning of summer every year.
Top 25 Translations
	THE tribes of these islands have been made an odd hunt at the start of the sun each year.
	These islands begin with a unique hunt when it begins to set sun, even as it had a beginning every year.
	After a year of the sun dawn, the tribes of the islands are seen as a strange prey, a forest, or some of them - the most dangerous sea route to the island of Malta.
	In the early days of the early part of these islands, there is a strange victim once used every year to start the sun.
	At the start of the day, the tribes of these islands have been made a strange victim for every year at the start of the sun.
	And a number of these islands are following an strange victim each year at the beginning of summer.
	And some of these islands are following a strange hunt each year at the beginning of summer.
	And some of these islands are following a strange hunting every year at the start of summer.
	And many of these islands are acting on a strange hunting when summer begins every year.
	And several of these islands are following an strange victim when winter begins each year. They are not at home because they do not have enough food to eat.
	From these islands the tribes must fulfill a strange victim's custom at the beginning of the year.
	A group of the tribes of the islands must carry out a remarkable hunting practice at the beginning of the year.
	From these islands tribes must meet an unusual hunting custom in the beginning of the year.
	The tribes of the islands must carry out a unusual hunting custom at early last year, but Jehovah's Witnesses do not want to miss out on the fact that the entire community is very close to God.
	The tribes of these islands must comply with an strange hunt early in the year. The Bible tells us that God has given his ancient people "the wisdom and the ability to distinguish both right and wrong. "
	A few of those tribes, each year they hunt a strange victim when wintertime begins.
	Some of these species hunt an unusual prey during the early winter season each year.
	Some of these species hunt an unusual victim each year at the start of winter.
	Some of those species, every year during wintertime, take on a strange prey. For example, during a cold night sun, most species of birds suffer a natural disaster.
	Some of these species prey as unusual at the start of winter, some of which prey to wintertimes each year.
	The tribes living in these islands must follow an odd victim right from the beginning of summer.
	The tribes of the islands must follow an awkward victim right in the beginning of summer.
	The tribes who live on these islands need to follow a strange victim right early in summer.
	The tribes that live on these islands have to follow a strange prey only at the beginning of summer.
	The tribes living on these islands must comply with a strange victim at the beginning of summer.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We have to walk down three flights of stairs just to get rid of our rubbish. What an inconvenience!
Top 25 Translations
	We would have to travel in three wheels in order to get to know that we are becoming dust.
	We must have known that we are made up of clay on three ladders.
	We must know that we are made of dust by three ladders.
	We need to pass on the three steps we can take in making it. We must know that Jehovah God is there, and he is pleased with our efforts.
	We must get to our three steps to find that we are just made of dust.
	We must use stairs to get relief from the dust as we get down to the top of the stairs.
	If you do, you may find it difficult to walk down to find relief from the dust. We must use steps to get down the stairs in order to get relief from the dust.
	In fact, we have to use stairs to get the relief from the dust to the bottom of our stairs.
	We need to use steps to go down the stairs so that we can find relief from dust.
	It is important for us to use steps to get relief from dust. This requires that we take the steps to get down the stairs that help us find comfort from the dust.
	We gotta get off the stairs only to get rid of our garbage!
	We need to get off the stairs, just get rid of our garbage!
	We gotta get down the stairs, just get rid of our garbage!
	We'd gotta get down the stairs, just get rid of our garbage!
	We have to get off the stairs, just to get rid of our garbage!
	We need to walk on three steps that help us to get rid of our clay and remain in Jehovah's favor.
	To get rid of our clay, we have to walk on three stairs of flight, and then we have to walk about our way to get it off to the nearest Kingdom Hall.
	The first thing we need to do to keep our life simple and keep our mind focused on the future, as it were - the time we spend walking on the road to get out of our mud.
	Our way of life calls for walking in three steps in order to get rid of our soil.
	We are left with three flights of stairs to get us safely out of our soil.
	We have to go down to three flights of ladders... just to get rid of our soil. What a sad thing!
	We need to get down our three flights... just to get away from our soil. What a sad thing!
	We have to go down the three flights in the stairs just to get rid of our soil. What a sad thing!
	We need to go under three stairs... just to get rid of our dust. What a tragedy!
	We need to get down three steps... just to get rid of our clay. What a sad thing!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Sharon had broken many regulations at work and finally paid the price by losing her job.
Top 25 Translations
	Because she was a servant of God, she lost her job. As soon as she returned home, she began serving as a pioneer, serving at a branch office, and later married a Witness of Jehovah.
	She also had to be a good example for her children. " She had broken several regulations in the job and had to pay for her job.
	She had broken several laws and had to pay off her employment. However, she had to pay the job to pay the bills of her husband.
	She had broken several statutes and had lost her job to pay the price.
	She had broken down many laws, and she paid for her job.
	Shashal lost his job, and he paid the sum of what he had earned.
	Shanle lost work, and the pay off his bill was all that he had done.
	She lost job, which cost her all her life. She had to make a success of her job.
	Shasabel lost her job, which cost her her all that she had to pay for it.
	She had lost her job, and that made her pay back all her money.
	He spent his job losing a job and broke down many statutes and regulations in his course of action.
	He spent his secular job and broke several regulations in order to comply with his procedure.
	He spent his job to lose out and broke some of the rules in his own ways. He did what he could to save himself.
	He paid for his job, broke down several rules of operation, and eventually reached home with the work work force.
	The man was in charge of losing his employment and broke down many regulations in an attempt to do what was right.
	In this way, he destroyed his work and broken it into a series of laws. He even caused a number of the Jews to neglect the temple and its temple.
	In the process, it would be best for him to make wise decisions in life. He thus destroyed his work and broke a number of laws.
	He thus broke work by destroying it and broke it on several tablets.
	Thus, he brought ruin to the work. In effect, he even broke the law by destroying the building work and by destroying it.
	By destroying his house and by breaking his laws, he had even abandoned the work of building a temple and destroying it by overthrowing it.
	Cherie had to break several rules and finally pay the price for her job as long as she paid off her debts. But now she is going to leave the job. " I can't get any out of my job! "
	Cherie had to break down many rules, and eventually her job paid the price for paying her job. As the time went by, she paid the job for her job.
	She had to break several rules at work, and eventually she had to pay back the price of the job. She had to pay her price to pay off her job.
	Sherry had to break several statutes on job, and eventually her job paid the price for the payment. She did this in the first place.
	She was devastated by many rules at work and eventually paid for her job to pay back the price.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You've been eliminated from the competition because we've discovered you cheated.
Top 25 Translations
	We're cheating on you because you're over with the competition.
	We have betrayed you because you've been over with the competition.
	We're betrayed you because you've finished with the competition.
	We betrayed you because you've been over with the competition.
	We've tricked you because you've finished with the competition.
	We've betrayed you since you've finished with the competition.
	We've deceived you because you've been over with the competition.
	We've betrayed you because you've finished with the competition.
	We betrayed you because you've been over with the competition.
	We have betrayed you because you've been over with the competition.
	You've been removed because of the competition because we betrayed you.
	We have deceived you because you've gone away because of the competition.
	We deceive you because you've gone away because of the competition.
	We have deceived you because you have been removed because of the competition.
	Because you've been removed because of competition. We've betrayed you.
	We've betrayed you because you have been destroyed by the competition.
	We have betrayed you because you have been destroyed by the competition.
	We've betrayed you because you have been destroyed by a competition.
	We have betrayed you because you're destroyed by the competition.
	We've betrayed you because you've been destroyed by the competition.
	We've deceived you because you've been removed from the competition.
	You've been removed from the contest because we've tricked you.
	Because you've been cleared of the competition we've tricked you.
	We have deceived you because you've been removed from the competition.
	You've been removed from the competition because we've betrayed you.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even the tiniest fault in a rocket can lead to a catastrophic failure at launch.
Top 25 Translations
	Even the youngest mistake of even a certain rocket can be taken because of a severe failure when launching.
	Even the smallest mistake in a project can lead to a massive failure when launching.
	But it is not just the case. The biggest mistake in one rocket, even the greatest, can be due to a huge failure when launching.
	Even the smallest mistake of a rocket could take the lead because of a heavy failure during launching.
	The most common mistake of the project may even be caused by a heavy failure when launching into a rocket.
	And that even the worst error in the project can lead to a frightening failure when there is an beginning.
	Even the worst fault in the launch could lead to a terrible failure at first.
	The report adds: "The most terrible accident in the project may even lead to an awful failure. It can also cause the worst in the launcher to start the project.
	And it is also that the worst mistake in the project can also lead to a horrible failure in the way it starts.
	And that the worst mistakes in launching the launch can lead to a disastrous failure.
	Even on the smallest blame for a rocket, it may lead to terrible failure.
	Even during a single explosion's worst mistake, terrible failure may lead to disaster.
	Even on the youngest of the greatest mistakes of a tunnel can lead to horrible failure.
	Even at the very least mistake of an rocket, it can lead to horrible failure.
	Even on the youngest error of a rocket may lead to horrible failure.
	Even the biggest mistake in mastered the launch can lead to a disastrous failure.
	Even in the biggest mistake in the project, a destructive failure in launch can lead to a disastrous failure.
	Even the biggest mistake in noised may lead to a destructive failure at launching.
	Even the biggest mistake in the project can lead to a disastrous failure at launching.
	The ultimate error in the world can even lead to a disastrous failure during launching the launch.
	And even the worst offense in the launch can lead to serious failure.
	Even worst of blame in launch can lead to a very serious failure.
	Even the worst of blame on launching can lead to extreme failure.
	Even the worst flaw in the launch can lead to a desperate lack of self - confidence. " The world is lying in no cause for complaint, " wrote Dr.
	The worst mistake in this project can even lead to one of the very worst failures in the project.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I met a woman in town who was talking to people about homeless teenagers and asking for donations.
Top 25 Translations
	I had found a woman who would speak about the homeless and ask for contributions to them. She says: "They did not know exactly where I was going but did not have to do so.
	I found one woman who was talking about homeless children and begging for contributions to them.
	I found a woman talking about family and even asking for support for the homeless.
	I found a woman speaking about the homeless and demanding contributions for the contributions to the Witnesses. She told us: "I wanted to share with you in that work with the local Witnesses.
	In one case, a Witness had found a woman speaking about young ones in the hospital and asking for a loan. I also received a woman from whom we would speak about the homeless.
	When I returned home from my hometown, the woman said that she wanted me to go to her house and that her family was there to attend the Memorial of Jesus'death.
	I found a woman in the town who spoke to the homeless and asked people who wanted to give in to the poor.
	I found a woman from the city speaking to homeless teens and speaking to those who wanted to pay for what they did. I asked the Witnesses if I would visit them.
	One woman in her home found me speaking to the homeless young people and to the needy who asked for the money. As a result, her parents were very opposed.
	I found a woman in a town speaking to the homeless and calling out to the needy who had just been offered a gift. I also had a warm, loving atmosphere.
	One day I met a woman who started to associate with people from her house, and I requested a meeting with her near her home. She said: "Jehovah's Witnesses have a real hope for the future. "
	One day I met a woman who had become associated with a family of my family who asked me to visit those nearby of her. She invited me to come in and help them.
	When I returned home, he was surprised to hear that I could not help her and that I had no family. One day I met a lady who was associated with her family and requested a meeting near her house.
	One day I met a lady who was associated with those living in a house - to - house house, and I asked her to visit those around her.
	I met a lady who had started studying with her house - to - house workers, and I requested a visit from those around her.
	I found a woman talking to the homeless and asking for gifts to be used to help others who had been without interest in spiritual matters.
	I met someone who talked about the homeless and asked for a gift from them. I even thought about it.
	A woman who talked with those who were homeless and asked if she was willing to give in to their circumstances. I met a young woman who asked for the money.
	I met a young woman who spoke directly about the homeless and requested money from the young ones in the congregation.
	I met a woman who talked about the homeless young people and asked for gifts to give. She answered, "Well, what do you mean? "
	I got a couple of young brothers and sisters from a country with whom I had been living for a few years. She was so impressed by what we had to learn that he was one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	I met a woman in a town who talked about street teenagers and had no sense of money, but she said to me: "Go on walking through the streets, just as the women of my house are, but I want to do what I want them to do. "
	I met another lady in the city who talked about homeless teenagers and had no sense of funds. In the meantime, she and her husband decided to move to a small town in So Paulo City.
	I met another woman in the city who was speaking to homeless youths and who felt no need for money.
	I met another woman in a town talking to homeless teenagers who were experiencing no amount of money.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: There's a very unusual setting for this movie: a prison for badly behaved dogs!
Top 25 Translations
	The film's strange setting is this: prison for dogs in a very horrible way!
	A fascinating setting for this film is: To dogs in a very horrible way!
	Such a funny setting for this film is: In a very severe prison for dogs!
	What a strange setting for this film: Prisons for dogs in a very dreadful way!
	The film's very strange setting is: Prison in a very terrible way for dogs!
	An unusual setting is for this film, a prison for dogs in a very worst way!
	A very remarkable setting for this film is the prison for the dogs badly!
	The film has a unique setting, a prison in a bad way for dogs!
	A very remarkable setting for this film is a prison for the dogs in a bad way!
	A very unusual setting for this film, a prison for dogs in a bad way!
	A popular movie is one of this film: A prison for victims who are badly abused!
	I'll show him that you'll be here for you!'I'll always do it! I'm very sorry for you!
	An unusual film is for this film: A prison for the badly abusive abuseers!
	An exceptional film is for a movie: A prison for abusers badly!
	A striking movie is for a great surprise: A prison for those who severely molested!
	A unique system for the movie has been a prison for drug abuse dogs in an extremely abusive manner!
	The film is a unique provision for prisoners who severely abuse dogs! A European Court of Human Rights said: "It's the most common thing where I live and I'm not sure if I don't ever see my mother again. "
	What an amazing arrangement for the movie that is for dogs who are severely abusive! In fact, most of the young people have been sentenced to exile for decades.
	The film is truly unique, as a way to go back, for the victims are victims of crime. What a wonderful system for this film!
	In the midst of a movie that is a unique mechanism for dogs, a prison in a very cruel way!
	This film is an amazing arrangement. A prison for dogs badly hurt!
	It is a strange system for this film, a prison to dogs badly hurt!
	This film is an amazing system. A prison to the dogs badly hurt!
	This film has a very strange arrangement. A prison for dogs badly hurt!
	This is a very strange system for movie. I was taken to a prison for the dogs badly!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Though we always turn right here, I often wonder what's down the other road.
Top 25 Translations
	Even though we always turn over here, I wonder what's on the other way.
	Though we always turn up here, I'm surprised what's on the second path.
	Even if we always turn this up here, I'm surprised by what's on the other way.
	Although we always turn over here, I wonder who on the other way is.
	Although we always turn this over here, I'm surprised to think about what on the other way.
	While we always go back here, I often wonder what is under the other way.
	Though we always go back here, I often wonder what's under the other way.
	Though we always go back here, I often wonder what's down the other way.
	Though we always go back to here, I often wonder what's under the other route.
	Although we always go back here, I often wonder what's under other route.
	I wonder what is at the second road, though we're always going to change here.
	Even though we always change here, I wonder what's on the second street.
	Though we always change this up here, I wonder what's on the other street.
	Even though we always turn this up here, I wonder what is on the other street.
	But I wonder what that's on the other street, though we always change here.
	Although we always turn out right here, I'm usually surprised at what's on the other way.
	Although we're always gone here, I've often been surprised what on another way.
	While we always turn back here, I'm often surprised to see what on the other way.
	Although we always turn right here, I'm usually surprised at what on the other way.
	Though we always turn right back down there, I wonder what's often on the other way.
	Although we're always turning here, I'm often surprised at what's under the other way.
	Although we always turn down here, I've often wondered what's down the other way.
	Although we always turn out here, I'm often surprised at what's under the other way.
	Although we always move here, I often wonder what's below the other way.
	Though we always turn around here, I've often surprised what under the other way.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Two ferries collided today in the main harbour, but there were no injuries.
Top 25 Translations
	Two aircraft were once at a height, but it didn't hurt.
	Two flights went on to this day, but it was unsanitary.
	By now, two aircraft were under pressure, but no injury was involved.
	By that time, the pilot had been on his way back to his new assignment, where two aircraft were still in motion.
	By this time two aircraft were under the main influence, but it did not hurt them.
	This city, a city that was also a city with two children, had lost a lot of children.
	Another city where two lived, along with several children, lived, was one of many young children.
	It was another city, where there were two people and many of the small children who died.
	I was born in the city of So Paulo, a city that was also known as the site of another city and a number of smaller children.
	This city was one of many small ones, two of them living in areas where young children were left unattractively ill - watered, and another city, a town in which two of the population lived, and several small children died.
	They were not injured. Rather, it was like a bruised reed or a thorny reed that touched the victim's neck, causing him pain.
	But they did not. Rather, they had no lasting wounds.
	They did not suffer any injury, and they did not lose their friendship with God.
	The Bible record tells us: "In the morning sow your seed and until the evening do not let your hand rest; and as for your fellowman, he will not let your hand rest. "
	The apostles were not like Jesus'disciples. Instead, they had no injury at all.
	In the early 1940's, some of the injured children became ill with cancer, and some of the cases seemed to be overservative.
	I was the second of eight children. I felt that I could not do anything for them in the way that my father did.
	This type of injury began to grow slowly.
	I had to work for three months, and it was very easy to get up at the end of the week.
	These injuries gradually grew. When I was ten years old, my husband died of cancer, and I lost my leg, so I was in bed for six months.
	As a result, they were making a risk of death by a Witness living in the home of a local Witness.
	They were thus risking their own lives to be a Witness in their own area.
	This cost them their lives. They wanted to kill an Witness living in his own area.
	They thus risked death for one of the Witnesses living in their own area.
	They risked death for one person living in their own area.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The red squirrel, once common throughout Britain, is now restricted to the north.
Top 25 Translations
	At one time, the British has a redish meshack in Britain when the north of Europe is confined to the red glaciers.
	A recent study in the United States of Medicine found that 1 in 10 percent of girls aged 15 to 21 admitted her husband to having had a serious accident in school, and 3 out of 10 in 5 felt that he was being abused as a nurse.
	At one point a red glacis takes place in Britain, with its approach to the north.
	At one point, a red gynecologist in Britain finds itself in a limited direction toward the north.
	At one time, it is difficult to do what has been described as "drygressed " in Britain.
	A common expression in Britain is once red cancer, and the north is now confined to the north.
	In Britain a common person is once a red cypress, where the answer is limited. He has also received an invitation from Jehovah in order to help him cope with his trials.
	A typical person in Britain once has a red beak, which is now confined in the North.
	A common public public health in Britain is once a red cycles, now confined in the North.
	In Britain an unusual person is once a red merce, is now limited in terms of the North. It has been reported to have been the most widely circulated town in the world.
	At the same time, a red miner of Britain has made it difficult to get north to the north.
	The next year, we were assigned to Britain as branch overseer. When there are red wines in the whole region of Britain, reaching north with them becomes a challenge.
	At one point, the reaches of red beaks throughout the British territory become a challenge to the north, and after a year or a half of a week, they have been able to reach their destination.
	On one occasion, a red - coloredfath is found in the entire part of Britain. In many parts of the country it is hard to reach the north.
	When red wine and red dyes are found throughout Britain, it becomes difficult for us to reach North America.
	The red Gileadite is now confined to the north throughout Britain.
	The red - ambaeth is now relatively limited to the north in the state of Britain.
	The red Gilbass in Britain are now restricted to the north.
	The Red Gilbas at the north in Britain are now confined across the state of Dala, where they will have the opportunity to learn about Jehovah, the Creator of the universe.
	The red Gilbasm now is limited to the North throughout Britain.
	The British has long been under attack in Britain, yet the right is limited in the form of authority.
	In Britain for a season, red winey is now confined in the north as authority, and in Britain it is now restricted to a period of time.
	The number of those who have a high fever in Britain is increasing as the last ten years of Britain's development nearly doubled.
	The following year the British government began in the United States and was established under the direction of the government under the direction of the High Court of Human Rights.
	For a while red Gilch, an authority in Britain, is now limited in the way back to the north.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to locate hidden drugs.
Top 25 Translations
	In much of the places, especially the trained dog is used in searching for hidden drugs.
	In many places, especially those taught dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	This can be the case in the case of a mother whose first child was a baby, a mother of two, and a son of a teenage girl.
	For example, the dog, in turn, is used to search for hiding drugs, especially when he has been trained. In many lands, dogs are used by particularly to look for hidden drugs.
	In many places, especially trained dog dogs are used to discover hidden drugs. In recent years they have been used to use drugs and have been used for various reasons.
	In many lands, particularly trained dogs are used to detect secret drugs. The dogs must not be able to buy them after a meal, and they must be able to do it with the right amount of money.
	In many lands, particularly trained dogs are used to obtain hidden drugs. In other countries the dogs are also used in secret drugs.
	In many nations, the especially trained dog has been used to detect secret drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs have been used to detect secret drugs.
	In many countries, special - trained dog is used to detect secret drugs.
	In many lands, particularly educated dogs are used to detect secret drugs.
	In many countries, education dogs are especially used to detect secret drugs. Some parents find that their young children have little or no access to drugs.
	In many countries, educated dogs are used to detect secret drugs. In fact, a number of cases of this practice have been used to limit their use of drugs.
	In many lands, especially educated dogs are used to locate secret drugs.
	In many lands, particularly educated dogs are used to detect secret drugs.
	In a number of countries, particularly trained dogs, dogs are used to detect secret drugs.
	Some mothers have been used to identify the darkest drugs in the home. In a number of lands, especially trained dogs are used in assisting them to locate secret drugs.
	In many lands, particularly trained dogs have been used to locate secret drugs.
	In several countries, especially trained dogs are used to locate secret drugs. Why is this so important if you are looking for hidden drugs?
	Some dogs may be able to locate secret drugs, especially trained dogs in a number of lands.
	In many countries, particularly trained dogs are used to locate secret drug drugs.
	In many countries, particularly trained dogs are used to find secret drugs. When they use drugs, they do not know where to go.
	In a number of countries, especially trained dogs are used to locate concealed drugs. A young girl who is not one of Jehovah's Witnesses admits, "I'm going to have to talk to my parents about what was going on around the house. "
	A number of mothers have also been taught that they have an obligation to care for or protect themselves and their families, as well as other family members or other relatives of the deceased.
	In many lands, especially trained dogs are used to address secret drug drugs.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Once you cross the border, you are subject to the laws of another country.
Top 25 Translations
	Before you pass the border, you are under the laws of another country.
	Before passing the border, you're under the laws of another country.
	Before you cross the range, you are under the laws of another country.
	Before crossing the borders, you are under the laws of another country.
	Before crossing the border, you are under the laws of another country.
	Once you're crossing a country, you're under the rules of another country.
	Once if you are passing through the country, you're under the rules of another country.
	Once you're crossing the country, you're subject to the rules of another country.
	Once you are crossing a land, you are under the rules of another country.
	Once you're crossing the country, you're under the rules of some other country.
	One time you cross the limit, you're under the rules of another country.
	Once you pass the border, you're subject to the laws of another country.
	Once you pass the border, you're under the laws of another country.
	Once you pass the border, you're under the laws of another country.
	Once you cross the border, you're under the laws of another country.
	Once you cross the coast, you are subject to the laws of another country.
	Once you pass ashore, you are under the laws of another country.
	Once you cross the edge, you are under the law of another country.
	Once you cross the coast, you are under the laws of another country.
	Once you cross the beach, you are subject to the laws of another country.
	Once you cross the border, you are under the laws of another country.
	Once you cross the border, you're under the laws of another country.
	At once you cross the border, you are under the laws of another country.
	When you pass the border, you are under the rules of another country.
	Once you cross the border, you're under the rules of another country.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The film last year helped to revive interest in 1920s fashion and even ways of speaking.
Top 25 Translations
	Last year, the film has helped to enhance interest in 2020 sizes and speech patterns.
	Last year the film helped in regaining interest in the style of 2020 style and speech. The film also taught people to develop a love for the Bible's message about God's Kingdom.
	During the first two months of film, the film backed up by the film in 2020 fashion and helped to rebuild interest in the culture and speech patterns of thought.
	The movie helped to rebuild interest in the size and fashion of 2020 - sized patterns last year.
	Last year, the film back in 2020 of its appearance and speaking methods helped to regain interest in the film again.
	The film was helpful in getting interested even in the form of the 1920's, and it had to do with the appearance and speech of the 1920's.
	The film contributed to an interest even in the early 1920's and spoken - language content of the video Jehovah's Witnesses Ask, "What Will You Do to Say It to Jehovah's Witnesses? "
	A movie was used as a commercial film for the 1920's and English - speaking field, but it was also an interest shown during the 1920's.
	The movie also helped me to absorb as much interest as the 1920's - or even the tone and voice - of my dress and speech as I did in the course of the last few years.
	This film was also helping to instill interest in the development and conversation of 1920's in the film "Comfort " during the early 1920's.
	In the past, the movie became interestr in the manner in the 1920's and the manner in which it came to be known as the 1920's.
	Recently, the film became interested in the form and content of the 1920's, which was recently called the 1920's.
	Recently, the movie was even more interested with the 1920s and dialects of the 1920s during the last year.
	More recently, the film took interest in the manner of the 1920's and spoken - of course that last year.
	Recently, that film started to appeal in 1920 and was even more interested in the fashion and speech of an 1920's.
	During the 1990's, the movie was given a fine look on the early 1920's, and the communication process was a good choice.
	Last year the film was a good reminder to the beauty of the early 1920's and style of speech.
	Last year, it gave a thorough focus on the film and speech method, as is the 1920's.
	The movie, which was written just as early as 1920, provides a rich array of good and wholesome instruction on how the movie might be applied in today's world.
	Last year, the film was written as a 1920's and focused on the manner of speaking and speaking.
	The movie had been used in the 1920's and early 20's to help release people to their own lives.
	Last year, this film was used as an instrument for the 1920 fashion and the style of speech, and with other people as a free moral agent.
	Last year the film was designed to transform the 1920's, along with people in general, to achieve freedom of choice and to live in harmony with the moral principles of the Bible.
	The last year, this film was used in the churches of the 1920's to help rid people of the corruption of the commercial culture and culture and even of the public.
	Last year, the movie helped to release people in the 1920's and early way of speaking, including people of another age, by bringing them together to adopt a culture that would be different from those around them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We have decided to discard the Premium 2000 computer security system. It's too old now.
Top 25 Translations
	We have been especially careful to remove computer protection systems from the 2000 Calendar. This is just too old.
	We've chosen to remove the computer security system primarily from the 2000 industry, which is still too old.
	We especially decided to clear off computer security systems since 2000. It's still very old.
	We've chosen primarily to remove computer security systems from the 2000 computer. It's still too old.
	We've decided to remove computer protection systems from 2000-year-old computer, which is now very old.
	We planned to leave 1212 computer security system. It's just too old.
	We decided to quit 1212 computer security systems, which is still too old.
	We made it a decision to drop 1212 computer security system. It's still too old.
	We decided to quit 1212 computer security systems. It's just too old.
	We decided to leave 12 12.12 computer security systems. This is still very old.
	We decided to cancel 1220 computer's security system. Now it's too old.
	We decided to cancel the 1220 computer's security system. Now it's too old.
	We decided to cancel 1220 computer's security systems. And now it's too old.
	We decided to cancel the 1220 computer's security system. It's very old now.
	We decided to cancel the 1220 computer security system. Now it's too old.
	We've decided to pull 1280 computer security system, but it's too old.
	We have decided to throw 1280 computer security system off. That's too old.
	We decided to remove the 1280 computer security system. It's too old.
	We decided to roll up 1280 computer security systems. It's too old.
	We decided to roll 1280 computer security system. It's too old.
	We wanna cancel the certificate 20 countries. It is too old now.
	We want to reunite the certificate for 20 countries. That's too old now.
	We want to cancel the certificate on the 20 countries. That's too old now.
	We're going to cancel the certificate 20 countries. This is too old now.
	We want to cancel the certificate 20 countries. This is too old now.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: It was the child's history teacher that first realised she was being neglected at home.
Top 25 Translations
	She was a child's history teacher, who first perceived that she was neglected at home.
	She was the child's history teacher who first felt that he had been forgotten at home for the first time.
	She was a boy's history teacher, who first felt that she had been ignored in the home for the first time.
	She was a child's history teacher, who at first felt that it was being neglected at home.
	She was a child's history teacher, who for the first time understood that he was neglected in the house.
	She has child's history teacher that before she realized she was being neglected.
	She's the child's history teacher that first she realized that she was being neglected.
	She's the child's history teacher, who first perceived that she was being ignored at home.
	She has a daughter's history teacher that before she realized that she's being ignored at home.
	She's teacher of her history that first she found out that she was being neglected at home.
	The girl's history teacher was the first time he realized she was missing out in a house, neglecting all the time.
	She was a child's history teacher, and for the first time she discovered that she was being lost in the house with a observatory.
	She was teaching the child her history teacher that for the first time, she realized she was missing out on home.
	She was a child's history teacher, who first realized that she was getting lost in a house with a shortage of time.
	She was a child's historical teacher who first realized that she was losing consciousness in the home.
	This child's history teacher was being neglected in home before she learned that the baby's history.
	It was being neglected home before he learned that it was teaching child's history.
	It was being neglected home before she learned that it was teaching the baby's history.
	That was the child's teacher of history before she learned that she had gone to the house being neglected.
	It was being neglected home before she knew that the baby had been taught the history of history.
	This child's history teacher, first learned that she wasn't being watched at home.
	This child's history teacher first found out he's not being watched at home.
	This child's past teacher first learned that he's not being seen at home.
	This child's history teacher, first learned that she isn't being watched at home.
	This child's history teacher first discovered that she wasn't being watched at home.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Police told everyone to stay at home until the band of thieves had been captured.
Top 25 Translations
	The police asked everyone to stay at the house until the thief's team was taken away.
	The police asked to stay in the home until it was controlled by a thief's force. They asked the police to leave the house until he was arrested.
	The police asked everyone to live in the house until a thief's party was occupied. As soon as they saw it, they realized that they had been beaten by a thief.
	The police ordered that everyone stay at home until the thief's band was occupied. Then they returned and returned home.
	The police asked the whole police to stay in their home until the thief's team had been taken off.
	The police said to the neighbors that the house would be located if the thieves had not been taken over. The police wanted them to do the same.
	The local police said to everyone that if a thieves had not been captured, it would be difficult for them to stay home.
	The policeman told the everyone to stay home if there were not been control of thieves's army.
	The police told everyone to stay home if the soldiers were not captured by thieves.
	They asked all that if the thieves hadn't been captured, stay home. They asked if they had been taken away by their troops.
	The police told everyone to stay in the home until an invasion was imposed. He told me to keep in their home until the thieves were attacked.
	At the police station, they asked all who were waiting for them. The police explained that they found their house closed until two of the prisoners were attacked and forced to leave.
	The police told everyone to stay in the home until he was attacked by thieves.
	The police told everybody that they were staying at home until a police attack on the thieves'gang.
	The police asked every of them to stay in the house until they were attacked by thieves.
	The police all asked to stay in the house until a thief's team was occupied. They told the police that all were home until the thief's gang was taken off.
	The police asked all to stay home until the thief's gang was caught up. The police told the neighbors not to control the thief's team.
	They asked the whole group if the thief's party had been arrested. The policeman asked the police not to have all the people at the home until it took control of the thief's team.
	The police asked them to stay in the house until the thief's band got over.
	All told people to remain in their house until the thief's band was over. We were not allowed to go back to our house.
	The police ordered all to live in the house until the thief's party was attacked. The police kept all in touch until the thief's team was attacked.
	Then he told all that he had done - that he would not survive the war, so that he would see his wife again again, as if he hadn't met with the police.
	The police told all to stay home until a thief had been attacked. He said that this was just what the police wanted him to do.
	The police told her to stay at home until an attack was given over by the gang of the thief.
	The police had asked them to live in the house until an ambush was taken over against the band of a thief.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Hal's parents apologised for their treatment of him and said they wanted to rectify the situation.
Top 25 Translations
	The parents of the solution feel sorry for her own treatment and they want her to improve the situation.
	The parents of the solution felt sorry for his treatment and said he wanted to ease the situation.
	The parents of the solution feel sorry for their treatment and they want to improve the situation.
	The solution parents feel sorry for their treatment to her and want to improve the situation.
	The government has parents who feel sorry for their treatment, and he wants to change the situation.
	And they were asking forgiveness to cure her at the hall, and wanted to improve this situation.
	The parents of the hall were asking for an apology for him, and they wanted to improve this situation.
	The parents of the hall were apologizing for her treatment and wanted to reform this situation.
	It was the parents of the hall who were asking forgiveness for her to cure and they wanted to improve this situation.
	There were parents of the hall pleading forgiveness for him to be healed and they wanted to reform this situation.
	Dad and Mother of the hospital make a point to him and say they wanted to make the matter right.
	The parents in the hall make excuse for him and said they wanted to improve the situation.
	When the parents of the hall agreed to treat him and told him to want to correct the situation, he asked them to see that he had something to do with him.
	The parents in the hall excuse her for treating and saying they wanted to correct the matter.
	The parents of the hall present excuses to treat him and said he wanted to correct the matter.
	The father of the hall says that to cure him. And they wanted to reform the situation.
	Home parents say to treat him. And they'd like to improve things.
	The parents of the Hall say that he has to cure. He'd like to improve the situation.
	The father of the hall says to cure him and they wanted to improve the situation.
	The hospital father says that to cure her, and they wanted to make the situation better.
	Kam's parents would kindly ask him to respond and say they want to improve the situation.
	Kam parents want his response sincerely to want and want to improve the situation.
	Snug's parents want to answer her and say they want to improve the situation.
	Kam's parents apologize to her reaction and ask for help to heal the situation.
	Kastrken parents are willing to accept her reaction and say they want to reform the situation.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: A truck that was carrying food goods fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
Top 25 Translations
	Soon afterward, a truck going through the river, taking provisions to eat came, and the driver was making all his efforts to escape.
	A few days later, one of the truckers who were going to eat food had fallen into a river and the driver was trying to run.
	One day while the driver was passing up a truck on the river, there was an attempt to run. The man, however, was not doing the same.
	A few days later, a truck who was going to eat supplies dropped into the river, but the driver was making an effort to escape.
	After a few days, a trucks, going through the river, dropped in food, and the driver had to make an effort to flee.
	But the driver managed to escape.
	But that driver succeeded in escaping, and he took steps to stop the project and was ready to get out of the car.
	But the driver succeeded in escape. The man, however, made an effort to obtain his assistance.
	The driver, though, successfully managed to escape.
	In time, however, this son made a decision that helped to make his life difficult for him.
	Then one man accepted his leave and accepted his offer. The next day, a Witness invited him to come back.
	The driver agreed to flee. He said, "Here you are, you see, and I'm going to have to drive it, but I don't do it. "
	A young Witness in her mid - 30's invited her to attend a meeting at the Kingdom Hall in Tvres, about 30 miles [30 km] away.
	After two months, I was sent to a camp in the village of Zin, where I served as one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	One time he told the woman that the boy was looking for the woman to go out of her house, so she decided to get back to the house of a young man who was not a Witness.
	A truck to whom food was to be saved fell into a river but successfully run the driver. The driver is not alone, but it is also the problem of a fatal accident.
	A four - year - old driver fell in a stream where he had been picked up, but he was successful as a guard.
	" It took me a couple of minutes to run, and the truck just fell into the river, " recalls a Witness from the city of Kurvy, U.S.A.
	One truck on which food had been collected collapsed was successfully run, but the driver's flight had just ended.
	The driver was struck by a truck on which food had been picked but managed to run. A driver had not been trained to clean up his truck.
	" I had no car, " he said. One truck which was providing food collapsed in the river, but the driver had been trying to escape.
	The driver was looking for food. One of the trucks who had been feeding fell into the river, but the driver was trying to escape.
	The truck fell into the river being providing food, but the driver was trying to escape.
	The truck who was providing food dropped into the river but was trying to run away. In the meantime, we got ready to go to a local hospital, where we could work for several weeks.
	One truck that provided food fell into the river but was trying to escape. The driver was trying to get away, and soon the driver was running to get up.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You simply must invite Carol to the party. She's always the life and soul of any evening.
Top 25 Translations
	You just need to invite Carol to a party. She seems to appreciate the life and life we've lived for now.
	You have only to invite Carol to the party, he has the potential of eternal life and life.
	You only need Carol to invite a party to a gathering, he is the idea of everlasting life and life.
	You only have to invite Carol to a party, he is the idea of everlasting life and life.
	You only have to invite Carol to a party, and she's the most fond of everlasting life and life.
	He always has life and spirit and life of any evening.
	He is always life and soul and life of any evening.
	He always has life and spirit with life and life in any evening.
	He's always alive and spirit any evening life and soul.
	He's always life and spirit in any evening and life.
	You need to invite Carol before the party, that's eternal life and life.
	You need to invite Carol to the party she is to have everlasting life and life.
	I need to invite Carol to the party. She is everlasting life and life.
	You must invite Carol to a party, she has the prospect of living and living forever.
	You've got to invite Carol to the party to it. He's always a life and life.
	You should only invite Carol to the party, he's always a way of life and spirit to the evening.
	You just should invite Carol to a party, she's always a living life and life in any evening.
	You should call Carol to the party, and she's always the life and spirit of any evening.
	You must just invite Carol to the party, he is always the life and spirit of all the evening.
	You must only invite Carol to a party, which is always the life and spirit of any evening.
	YOU'll only call Carol to the party and she's always having an evening life and spirit.
	You only need to invite Carol to the party. He's always having some evening life and spirit.
	You just would like to invite Carol home to a party. She has always a life and soul in the evening.
	You need to just invite Carol to the party, he's always a life and spirit of the evening.
	You'll only call Carol to the party. He's always the life and spirit of a evening.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I'm tired and in pain and what's more, I didn't even want to come here.
Top 25 Translations
	I'm tired, and don't have much pain, I didn't even wanna come here.
	I'm tired, and no longer in pain, I did not want to come here either.
	I'm tired, and don't do more in pain, I wouldn't even want to come here.
	I'm tired, and don't feel more in pain, I'd not even want to get here.
	I am tired, and don't get more into pain, I didn't even want to come here.
	I'm tired, and the pain is more, I didn't even wanna get out of here.
	If I'm weary, and there's no more pain, I didn't even want to come here.
	If I'm tired, and am painier, I didn't even want to come here.
	I'm tired, and the pain is much greater, I wanted not to come even here.
	I'm tired, and the pain is much more, I don't even want to come here.
	I am tired and full of pain and what is more, I didn't want to come here even here.
	I'm weary and in pain and yet more, I didn't want to come here even here.
	I am tired and was in pain and didn't want to come here even more.
	I'm tired And in pain and what more, I wouldn't want to come here even though I'm in pain.
	I'm tired and in pain and still what's greater, I didn't want to come here either.
	I didn't want to come here either more than I got tired and the pain that's more.
	I wasn't even wanted to get in there, and the pain is what makes me faint and more pain.
	I was tired and much more in pain, I did not want to come here either.
	I was tired and no longer in pain, I didn't want to come here either.
	I didn't wanna come here even more because of what was in pain and what was in pain.
	I'm tired and in pain, and greater what I didn't even want to come here.
	I'm tired and in pain, and more is what I didn't want to come here even here.
	I'm tired and in pain, and much more, I didn't even want to come here.
	I'm tired and in pain, and what's more, I didn't even want to come here.
	I am tired and stuck in pain, more than what, I didn't even want to come here.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Sadness is an inevitable part of the bereavement process.
Top 25 Translations
	Pains and suffering play a powerful part in the hope of a resurrection.
	Suffering is a very fundamental part of the resurrection hope. It is a source of joy and satisfaction to know that all those who love and serve God have faith in the resurrection hope.
	Sad to say, pain and pain is a very important part of the resurrection hope.
	Suffering and pain are an absolute part of the resurrection hope. The Bible states: "Those who are in accord with [God's] will will will become rich through the sword, and they will be called to account for their error. "
	Sadness is a strong part of the resurrection hope.
	The Bible says: "Happy is anyone fearing Jehovah, whose name is he who reads in Zion; and the Sovereign Lord Jehovah his God, the Almighty, the Maker of heaven and earth. "
	Another part of the suffering is pain, not part of the process in life.
	Another part of suffering is this process of life itself, no further part of it. In addition, the Bible shows that Jesus said: "He that receives me receives him also that sent me forth. "
	Another part of suffering is the process of human life without another part.
	One part of affliction is the process, not an element in the process of life.
	Suffering is a very little known of the events of the days ahead of death.
	Suffering is just a little aware of the events that will take place after death.
	Suffering, death, is only a part of life. In the Bible, death has been associated with "a time to speak. "
	Suffering is very revealing to us about events that lie ahead of us. The death of Jesus Christ is not the first human ever to die.
	Sadly, there are few details regarding the events that are to take place after death.
	Sadly, there is no lack of suffering in life before death. In addition, life has been a most difficult time in human history.
	As a result, the death of the loved one is not meant to end suffering; nor will it cause suffering.
	Unfortunately, there is no lack of sorrow in our lives before death.
	Sadly, death is a death sentence. There is no end to the pain and suffering that plague mankind in this old age.
	The Bible states: "No one can slave for two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other; because he has become wise in his dealings with the other, but will possess the earth. "
	The Bible also teaches us that death is "a fiery furnace. " Sadly, death is the most lethal cause for our loved ones.
	Sadly, the death of our loved ones has been a very dangerous experience.
	The death toll of loved ones is a very tragic one. But death and death will never come to an end.
	As we have seen, a death toll has proved to be an extremely serious test for our loved ones.
	Sadly, death has proved to be a very dangerous one for our loved ones.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: If you read Anna's comments in context, you'll see there wasn't anything wrong with them.
Top 25 Translations
	You said you could read Anna comments so you would see there's nothing wrong with her.
	You said you could read an comment to Anna so you'll find that she had nothing wrong with her.
	You said I would like to read her comments so you'd see there was nothing wrong with her.
	You said she read what's on her letter and you will see that they had nothing wrong.
	You said you'd have to read what Anne comments and find out that she was nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Hannah's statement in context, you will know that with her there was nothing wrong.
	If you read Hannah's statement in terms, you will know there's nothing wrong with her.
	Now if you're reading Hannah's statement in terms, you'd know there was nothing wrong with her.
	If you read that statement in terms of Hannah, you'll know that with her was nothing wrong.
	If you read Hannah's statement in terms, you will know that with her there was nothing wrong.
	If you read a comment of Hannah in context, you'll see nothing wrong with them.
	So if you read Hannah's comment in context, you will see them there was nothing wrong with them.
	You read Hannah's comment in context, then, you'll see that they had nothing wrong.
	So you read Hannah's comment in context, you'll see it with them hadn't anything wrong.
	So you read the comment of Anna in the context, if you'll see anything with them wasn't wrong.
	If you read Hannah comments in the context, you will see that there's nothing wrong with her.
	If you read a comment of women in the context, you'll see that there was nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Hannah's comments in context, you will see that there was nothing wrong with her.
	So you read Hannah's comments in context, you will see that there was nothing wrong with her.
	Then you read Hannah's comment in context, you will see that there was nothing wrong with her.
	If you can read Anna's comments in context, you will see that there was nothing wrong with them.
	If ye read Ana's comments in context, you'll see that with them was nothing wrong.
	If you read Ana's comments in context you'll see that there was nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Ana's comments in context, you would see that they had nothing wrong.
	If you read Anna's comments in context, you will see that they weren't wrong.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Much of South America was ravaged when diseases were introduced by arriving Europeans.
Top 25 Translations
	Most of the parts of the South America had disappeared when diseases were started when Europeans came.
	Most parts of South America had disappeared when they were established by diseases when Europeans arrived.
	Most of the parts of the South America had disappeared while the European population was started by diseases.
	Most of the parts of South America had disappeared, when diseases had been started when Europeans arrived.
	Most parts of the South America had died when diseases were started when Europeans came.
	In Britain most of the disease - stricken population in South America are devastated by the spread of disease by many individuals from Europe.
	When a number of European diseases took control of mankind, most American people were devastated.
	A number of people from Europe experienced the ravaged use of diseases. However, most of them did not realize that the cause of sickness had already been eliminated.
	In Europe many who died of diseases have been damaged by illness, including some in South America.
	In the United States, people of all European countries have been affected by the use of disease - stricken diseases.
	For many, there is no hope of a better life. Most people in southern America died when the disease has been cured.
	In the mid - 1980's, the United States was affected by the spread of malaria, and most of the cases of the disease were killed.
	Many American adults were killed in the face of treatment. Yet, this is not the case with the majority of people who do not believe in God's promise that God will soon destroy the present wicked system.
	Many of the French people were killed when they were treated with age or health care.
	In one European land the average age of 26,000 was 70 percent less than that of many people, according to a study conducted by the German National Institute of Health.
	The population of much of South America fell when Europeans began their life - style.
	Most of South American population died when Europeans were dead. What is the Bible's view of this?
	Most of the population in the South America were destroyed when Europeans started their way back to their former way of life.
	Most states of South America were destroyed by the death of Europeans. It was thought that the Roman Catholic Church had been formed in Spain for a number of years.
	Most European population in South American was destroyed when European life begins to take place.
	Many of the people in South America were badly damaged when disease was introduced through the arrival of Europe.
	Most Europeans were devastated badly when the disease was introduced by European arrivals.
	Many of the people from South America were severely destroyed when a disease was introduced by the arrival of Europe.
	In a few years, most people in South America have been severely injured when there was an introduction to the disease by the European arrival of Europe.
	Many in South America were severely destroyed when conditions were introduced to disease by the arrival of Europe.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: This chain of mountains derives its name from an ancient tribe that lived in the area.
Top 25 Translations
	As a result, some of the mountains became the site of the ancient tribes, or tribes, known as the ancient tribes of Israel.
	Thus, the mountains were written from an ancient tribe named the ancient nation of Israel.
	The mountains were thus presented to that city from the ancient tribe of Levi and to a tribe called the ancient nation of Israel.
	Thus, the mountains were given an ancient tribe named after the ancient tribes of Israel.
	The mountains were thus presented from an ancient tribe called Ephraim, which is named from the tribe of Israel.
	The river Mount Sinai names itself with an ancient tribe living in the area.
	This fortified river of hill named on its name from an ancient tribe living in that area.
	That hard - earned river from the mountain bears his name from an ancient tribe who lived there. He is often called "Jehovah's witness. "
	That fortified mountain named it after an ancient tribe living in that area.
	The river of the mountain represents the names of the ancient tribe of Israel, whose home was the seat of pure worship.
	This giant mountain is named from ancient nation, who lives in the region as the name of a public health agent.
	This giant mountain is named after ancient nation, who lives there as the name of a public servant, a giant.
	The giant mountain is named after the ancient nation, who lives in the area, and its name is called Audrell, the capital city of the ten - tribe kingdom of Israel.
	This giant mountain is known as the ancient nation of Israel known for its public ministry. But what is the source of such a grand victory?
	The giant mountain is named from the ancient nation of Israel who lives in that area as an outstanding public servant of Jehovah.
	Thus the shadow of the mountains is made of an ancient tribe that lives in that area.
	Thus, it is made of the mountains of Israel, which dwells in that area.
	So the shadow on the mountains is made of an ancient tribe living in the area of Jerusalem and is thus a shadow of Mount Carmel, which is a shadow of the ancient tribe of Judah.
	The mountain range in that region is thus made up of the ancient tribes of Israel that live in that area.
	Thus, the cloud of mountains was made up of an ancient nation that lives in that area.
	This series of mountains names it from an ancient tribe who lives in the field. What about the ancient tribes of Israel?
	The psalmist wrote: "Incline your heart and your soul before me, that you may keep walking according to my word. " - Psalm 139: 3.
	The top line of the mountains is called the ancient tribes of Israel, who live in the field.
	This series of mountains calls it from an elder tribe living in the field.
	This series of mountains, from an ancient tribe that lives in the territory, is named after the psalmist David, whose confidence is that Jehovah will bless him and that he will bless those who worship him in his place.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
Top 25 Translations
	Earth's atmosphere has seen an unusual view. This is what the planet's scientists have seen.
	Scientists of the Earth's atmosphere have observed an extraordinary scene.
	The earth's scientists have seen a extraordinary visual scene on this planet's atmosphere.
	The earth's scientists have seen an unusual scene in the atmosphere of planet Earth. The earth's atmosphere can also be seen in a way that has the ability to sustain life on a paradise earth.
	The earth's scientists have also seen a remarkable view about planet Earth's atmosphere.
	Scientists have seen an extraordinary event in Mars's atmosphere. Some scientists have discovered that it was the sun that made it possible for a sun to rise, so to speak, it was the sun's lounge.
	Scientists in Mars's atmosphere see an extraordinary event. They marvel at the beauty of planet Earth.
	Researchers have experienced an extraordinary event in Mars's atmosphere.
	The researchers have experienced an extraordinary event in Mars'atmosphere. Many scientists now see that there are three different kinds of things that can take place in the world around them; but they cannot see how it works.
	Astronomerically, scientists have experienced an extraordinary event in Mars'atmosphere.
	It is not unusual to see an amazing sight in Mars planet Earth. Scientists have found a spectacular display in the wonders of Mars.
	Scientists have seen a remarkable motion picture in Mars's environment. It seems that the earth is surrounded by thousands of stars - including the sun and the moon.
	Scientists have seen an astounding display of Mars's atmosphere. But the Creator of man can help us to keep our integrity, despite our being aware that he is capable of carrying out God's purpose for mankind on a paradise earth.
	The science has seen an awesome sight in Mars's environment. It is not uncommon for scientists to imagine that the earth and the planet are far from perfect.
	Scientists have seen an awesome display in Mars's environment.
	Scientists have found an unusual event in Mars's atmosphere.
	An unusual development among scientists in Mars's atmosphere has caused many to wonder about a paradise earth in which humans can live forever and enjoy life on a paradise earth.
	Scientists have seen something strange in the planet atmosphere.
	In fact, it is not surprising that some researchers at Mars's System have seen a strange event.
	Scientists have learned an unusual event in Mars's atmosphere.
	Scientists have noted remarkable developments in the environment of Mars, where they are often called the Mars Sea, but they do not realize why it is time to die.
	Scientists have observed unusual world events in the sciences. For example, they are called Mars Life - Givers.
	Researchers have seen unusual events in the planet's environment in which the globe is filled with people who live for many years before God created the human family.
	Scientists have noticed unusual events in nature in the atmosphere of Mars. This is not the case with scientists.
	Not surprisingly, scientists have observed surprising results in the environment around Mars. They believe that this planet is the only planet that we have ever known.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I owe my sisters a huge debt of gratitude for the way they've helped me out in recent years.
Top 25 Translations
	You can't give me a big loan of gratitude, for my sisters... they've had helped me in recent years.
	I owe me a huge loan of gratitude for my sisters... who have helped me in recent years.
	I owe me a huge debt of gratitude to my sisters... they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe a huge debt of gratitude to my sisters... they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe me a huge debt of gratitude for my sisters... they've been helping me in recent years.
	The kind of way they have helped me in the past years I lend to my sisters.
	The kind of way they helped me over the last years I thank my sisters for the great debt of my sisters.
	I owe my sisters a great loan of the kind like he helped me in the past years.
	I owe my sisters the enormous loans they've helped me in the past years.
	The way they had helped me in the last years is like I lend a huge debt to my sisters.
	I have a huge loan of gratitude for my sisters, just as they have helped me in recent years.
	I have a great debt for my sisters like they helped me in recent years.
	I have a big debt of gratitude for my sisters just like they helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great debt of gratitude the way they helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great debt of gratitude, like they've helped me in recent years.
	I have a huge loan to my sisters like that he has helped me in recent years.
	I have a huge debt to my sisters like that they helped me in recent years.
	I have a huge debt of my sisters like that he helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a huge debt like that he has helped me in recent years.
	He helped me in recent years as he is a huge loan to my sisters.
	Let me have a very heavy debt of my sisters because they helped me in recent years.
	I want a huge debt to my sisters because they've helped me in recent years.
	I've got a huge debt of my sisters because they helped me in recent years.
	I have a huge debt of my sisters because they helped me in recent years.
	I have a heavy debt of my sisters because they've helped me in recent years.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Before we get under way, are there any questions you would like to ask me?
Top 25 Translations
	Before we get in the way, you're some question you're gonna ask me?
	Before we get in the way, are you trying to ask me a few questions?
	Before we get into the way, are you asking me some questions?
	Are some questions you're going to ask me, before we get in the way?
	Before we get in the way, are you able to ask me a few questions?
	Are there any problems you wanna ask me before we go in the way?
	Well, before we go in the way, aren't there any questions you want me to ask?
	What are you doing before we go in the way, there, any questions you want me to ask?
	Before we go in the way, there's any question you want me to ask?
	Are there any questions you wanna ask me before we get in the way?
	What questions will you want to ask me before we are walking the way?
	What if a friend asks you whether you would like to have a conversation with me before we walk the way?
	If so, you have reason to wonder whether the Bible's promises are real. Do any questions you would like to ask me before we walk along the way?
	Would you ask me about the question before we have walked out of the way?
	If so, do you have a question? Will you ask me if you have to walk along the way?
	Before we go under the road, are you going to ask me any questions?
	What are you going through the way before we get under it, if you wanna ask me any questions?
	Before we get under the way, if you want to ask me any questions?
	Are you there any questions I'm gonna ask, before we get under the way?
	Before we go into the way, you're gonna ask me any questions?
	If we walked in the way before we were on your way, are there any questions that you want to ask me?
	Before we walk out the way, do you have some questions you want to ask me?
	Before we walk out there, do you have any questions you want to ask me?
	Before we walk out, do you have any questions you would like to ask me?
	Before we walk in the path, have there any questions that you want me to ask?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: She cried all through what was supposed to be a light-hearted film about rabbits.
Top 25 Translations
	He was shouting out all of what a light of the rabbit was supposed to be a film of heart.
	He all shouted out about what a light light about the rabbit was supposed to be film of the heart.
	He all called out about what the rabbits were supposed to be was a light film of heart.
	She shouted out all of it if a light about the rabbit was supposed to have been a fire film film of the heart.
	Did she scream out of all about what a light of the rabbit was supposed to be filming the heart.
	He's said through all that a light film about the rabbit was supposed to be about what the rabbit was crying through.
	He said through all about what a light-in-law should have been doing about what the rabbit's film was crying through.
	She all said through what the rabbit should have been a light film about what was going on through.
	She said through all that there should be a light-in-law movie about what the rabbit was crying through.
	He said through all of what the rabbit should have been a light-shower film through.
	She shouted through all who were to be a brilliant movie about the rabbit.
	He cried through all those who were about to form a bright film about the rabbit.
	He shouted through all those who were about to be a bright film about the rabbit.
	She cried through all the people who were about to become a bright movie about the rabbit.
	She shouted through all those who were about to be a bright movie about the rabbit.
	She was shouting it all through what must have been a light film about heartheads as a light-sing film of hearts.
	She was calling it through all of what a light film about heartheads should have been a lights film of hearts.
	She was shouting through all of what must have been a light film of hearts filmers, a lights film of hearts.
	It was all through what should be a light movie about heart boys, a shining film about what it was screaming about through all of it.
	She was shouting through all what a light film the heartats should have was about a star-sing film of hearts.
	They all cried through, whatever... a light film of heart should have been for the rabbit.
	He was crying through all... what should've been a light-hearted film for the rabbit.
	He was crying all through... what should have been a light film of heart to the rabbit.
	He'd been crying through all the... what should be a light movie of heart to the rabbit.
	She was crying through all... what would have been a light film of heart to the rabbit.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I firmly believe him to be innocent of the crime.
Top 25 Translations
	I'm sure she can prove herself innocent of crime.
	I'm sure he can prove to be innocent of crime.
	I sure he can prove to be innocent of crime.
	I'll be sure he can prove to be innocent of crime.
	I'm sure he can prove to be innocent of crime.
	I'm fully sure she has to be innocent of crime.
	I have absolute faith he has to be innocent of crime.
	I believe he's going to be guilty of crime.
	I have complete faith he has to be free from crime.
	I have absolute faith that he has to be innocent of crime.
	" I am not sure what I believe is the truth. I trust him to be free of crime, and I know he is the victim of crime.
	I am convinced that it is the Christian way of life. " I believe her to become guilty of crime.
	He was a Catholic, but he accepted the idea that I was not guilty of sedition. I believe in him to go to a fiery hell to get rid of crime.
	I believe her to become innocent of crime. She has to go to another church, to a hospital or to a bank where she knows she can trust the Bible.
	When I was ten, my wife and I went out with them in the ministry. I believe her to be innocent of crime.
	I believe she could be innocent of crime.
	I believe he can be justified of crime.
	I believe he might be justified in crime.
	I believe he can be innocent of crime.
	I believe her can be innocent of crime.
	I have to be innocent in the crime with my faith.
	He's to be innocent in the crime with my faith.
	She has to be innocent in crime with my faith.
	She has to be innocent in crime with my faith.
	With my beliefs her has to be innocent in crime.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: After her computer was struck by a virus, she was unable to retrieve the accountant files she needed.
Top 25 Translations
	When an virus attacked its computer, it did not have to be able to find back what it needed. In contrast, a great number of people, such as Brazil and Brazil, were killed.
	A virus had failed to achieve what she needed after it was attacked by her computer.
	A virus failed to get back to what she needed after she was attacked by her computer.
	One virus caused her to lose sight of something she had needed. What she needed did not come about as a baby.
	When the virus attacked her computer, she was unable to find what she was needed to find back. But it seemed that it was not what she needed to get back.
	Her condition had weakened her health, and her disease was no longer a serious health problem.
	The doctor was concerned that her daughter's condition had begun to suffer and that she could not bear her medical burden.
	She was so deeply hurt that she was not feeling sick, and her doctor was ill, and her husband did not accept the medical treatment she had received.
	This illness had left her paralyzed, unable to continue her health. She had lost a blood transfusion, which led her to serious health.
	Her condition left her unconscious, and she had lost her blood. The pain left her in the hospital.
	She did not consult the doctor for the request, but she did not use a virus to test the woman's needs when she received an virus that she had been wounded by a virus.
	She had been told: "We have a lot of work to do if we have not had enough food for our children, but if we want to do what we can to protect our children from serious illness, we must be careful about what we do in this world. "
	When she received the virus that was lost by her, she did not check it out as if it had ever been in her condition.
	When a virus that was to be caught came to the rescue, he did not check her with a bloodcupuncture.
	When he had to get what he needed, he did not investigate it to see how he felt, so to speak, or what he was doing.
	When I finally found a baby, he said, "I'll be with you. " After one virus had injured my computer, it was unable to obtain her needs.
	After one virus had hurt my computer, she was unable to obtain her needs. It was a struggle to understand why she wanted to serve God.
	I could not believe it if it was not so easy for me, but when I began to study the Bible, it became more difficult to find the Bible's answer to my questions.
	He also said: "I am not sure if anyone does not listen to me! I pray for Jehovah to help me cope with my problems, and he is a true Friend of the family. "
	After a virus had been pierced my computer, she was unable to find its needs. She began studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, and she was very impressed by the Witnesses'love for them.
	The virus, for instance, was a virus, and after an attack by a virus, she failed to extract what her needs were needed.
	When a virus did research him, he did not let it out. He tried the virus by attacking his computer and preventing the virus from removing it from what he needed.
	When a virus did test him, he failed to remove what was necessary. If he continued his campaign on his computer, it was not possible to keep him from forming the things that he was required to do.
	The virus had been tested and it could have failed to remove what she needed, after an operation was performed by a virus.
	When a virus passed through that virus, it prevented it from removal of what it was necessary for it to do. A virus that occurred in the garden of Eden fell on her computer and prevented her from taking up what was needed.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: An abandoned military base in the desert is the setting for Al Abner's latest sci-fi novel.
Top 25 Translations
	There is an empty military base in the desert founded for the latest Cavene novels of L'SAbs.
	There is a empty military base in the desert founded for L's latest Capasics novels of Abner.
	There is an empty military basis in the desert setting up for El Abner's latest commun novel.
	There has an empty military base in the desert setting up for L'Absace novels the latest Cabsity of Abner.
	There is an empty military base in the desert setting up for El Abner's latest caliber novel.
	There is an empty military base of the desert setting up El-Fobanimum's latest Carrily novel.
	An empty military base of the desert is the setting up of the latest Carrily novels in L-Fester.
	An empty military base of the desert is the establishment of El-Silire's latest Carrili novels.
	An empty military base of the desert is the establishment of El-Firienli novels.
	A non-armical military base of the desert is instituted by El-Mestalog's latest Carrily novels.
	A load military base of the desert is the L'Antipatit-oy to install brief errors of Martin.
	There's a loaded military base in the desert for setting up the fresh shift-to-temponyny-sy brief periods from L, Martin.
	There's a loading military base in the desert for setting the fresh l'anto-tinoy brief details of Martin.
	There's a load military base in the desert to install the fresh Tito-do-Fostoy brief duration of Martin.
	He is a loaded military base of the desert for setting up the latest Tito-Posoy Shorty short-fies of Martin.
	Civil base in the forest is setting for the latest iy novel of Abner.
	In the woods, the military base of One left is setting for the latest IRWC novels of Abner.
	In the woods, an open military base is setting for the latest IMAP novels I sent to Abner.
	In the wilderness, a military base of one leave is setting in for the latest Isuad novels of Abner.
	military base of one left in the forest is settings for the latest i--or novel, polterous by L.A.
	An outcast military base in the wilderness is set up for the latest edition of Abner's Abner.
	An exile in the wilderness is set up for the latest edition of Abner's Abner.
	An outcast in the wilderness is set up for the latest libraries of El Abner's Abner.
	An exile in the wilderness is set for the latest humankind of Ira's Abner.
	An exiled military base is set for El Abner's latest core in the wilderness.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I don't like it when newsreaders start giving their subjective opinions about the news. That's not their job.
Top 25 Translations
	I don't like it when I started giving your opinion about news newscasts. It's not their job.
	I don't like this when you've started giving your thoughts about news headlines. It's not their job.
	That's not their job when I started giving up my idea about news news news reports when that's not his idea.
	I don't like this when the headlines are started to give your idea about the news. It's not their job.
	I don't like it when the papers started giving my opinion about theirs. It's not their job.
	I don't like it when news press readers introduced their views, and it's not their job.
	I don't like this when news newspapers offered their opinion of it, it wasn't their job.
	I don't like this when the newspaper readers presented their controversial opinion, and it's not their job.
	I don't like this when News Readers introduced their underlying opinion, and that's not their job.
	I wouldn't like this when newsers gave their underlying opinions, they haven't their job.
	It doesn't seem cool when the news message begins to express its opinion. It's not their job.
	It doesn't sound like when news-reading begin to give my opinion about the message. It's not their job.
	It does not look like when news newsers begin to introduce their opinion about the message. It's not their job.
	This does not sound very good when news-readers begin to give their comments about messages. It's not their job.
	It's not good if the news is started to give your opinion about the message read. It's not their job.
	I don't think of things as when the news readers began to think about their idea of the future, because they don't have a job.
	Such things aren't they when news reports started their thoughts on the news, because they'ren't their job.
	There are not such things as who were informed about the good news and who couldn't have a job.
	These are not just things that people in news started their ideas on good news, because they have no jobs.
	There are things like these... when news readers started talking about the good news that their job doesn't work.
	It's not their job when we answer the news to the readers if I don't think it doesn't happen.
	The readers give their opinion on news when I don't think so. That's their job.
	Tell the readers when I do not think so. That's their job.
	The news readers tell me what they think you don't think. That's their job.
	If I don't think what news readers tell us, he doesn't have his job.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The Jersey is probably one of the most well-known breeds of cow in the world.
Top 25 Translations
	Perhaps even a learned herd in Turkey is familiar with an famous herd in that land, but not everyone in the area is aware of it.
	Perhaps even a learned herd in Turkey is known as the best - known one in the world.
	It seems that even a well - known heifer in the Turkish world may be well - known, for example, at the time it is believed that it is in its own name.
	A well - known domestic animal may also be noted in the Turkish world.
	In Turkey a well - known male generation may be well - known.
	Jersey is probably one of the well - known species of a cow in the world.
	Jersey probably one of a well - known species of cow in the world.
	Jersey probably one of the famous species of a cow in the world.
	Jersey probably is one of a well - meaning species of the cow in the world.
	Jersey may be part of a known race of a cow in the world.
	Jersey is one of the most famous species of singing in the world.
	Jersey is one of the most famous species in the world of singing.
	Jersey is one of the most famous species of singing in the world.
	The Jersey World is one of the most famous species of singing.
	The Jersey World is one of the most popular species of singing.
	Jersey world is one of the most famous tribes of singing.
	In Jersey world, there is one of the most famous ethnic groups of singing.
	Jersey is one of the most famous species of singing in the world.
	So there's one of the most famous ethnic groups in Jersey world.
	The Jersey World is one of the most famous species of singing.
	Jersey is probably one of the most famous species of the cow in the world.
	Jersey, probably one of the most famous species in the world.
	Jersey, probably one of one of the most famous species of a cow in the world.
	Jersey probably one of the most famous species of a cow in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most famous species of a cow in the world.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Can you detect the subtle taste of peach in that red wine?
Top 25 Translations
	Can you look for the Pany tasted in that red wine?
	CAN you locate the Pantheax taste in that red wine?
	Can you determine the Panece taste in that red wine?
	Can you find out theGolgots'taste in that red wine?
	Can you find out the Pany taste at that red wine?
	Can ye learn a portion of wine in that red wine?
	What, can you taste a portion of wine in that red wine?
	Can ye taste a sort of juice in the red wine?
	Can you taste a taste of wine in that red wine?
	Can you know a taste of juice in that red wine?
	Could you see in that red wine the sharp flavor of Coke? But does the wine have meaning for you?
	What can you do to recognize the cunning taste of the broach in that red wine?
	Can You Recognize the cunning taste of the brocept in that red wine?
	Do you view that cup of red wine as the subtle taste of brothel?
	Would you have been able to recognize the cunning taste of Ccchix in that red wine?
	In that red wine, are you able to recognize the cunning taste of the mouse?
	Or will you use the same color as the Greek wine, which has been used in modern times to describe how God has affected people today?
	Could you recognize the smart taste of the mouse in the red wine?
	Could you identify the subtle flavor of the mouse in that red wine?
	Can you identify the clever application of the mouse's syntheses in that red wine?
	Can you find out the clever taste of wire in that red wine?
	Can you find out the crafty taste of wire in that red wine?
	Can you find a cunning taste of wire in that red wine?
	Can you find out the cunning taste of a wire in that red wine?
	Can you find out the cunning taste of the wire in that red wine?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of illnesses and conditions.
Top 25 Translations
	For many, the fight is a source of sickness and death. This can help us to cope with sickness and illness.
	We may be affected by the many diseases and illnesses that we may experience. But how does the Bible describe the suffering of loved ones?
	For instance, a study by the National Institute of Health, found that "in the United States, more than 6 out of every 5 people suffer from chronic diseases and illness, many have been afflicted with chronic health problems. "
	In a sense, though, many of our physical limitations - sickness and illness - can lead to many health problems.
	A large number of illnesses can result in the loss of loved ones.
	In some lands the dangers of health care and health are particularly severe.
	The danger of healthy health is great in some places. In some countries there are those who have a serious health problem.
	In some lands health and health risks are more likely to threaten our health than those experienced in other parts of the world.
	In some areas there is a higher health threat to health and health than in others, though, such a change is far from unique.
	In many lands, health problems are at a high rate. However, many people view physical health as the greatest problem in human history.
	In some cases it may take more than 50 years to get worse, but some who are under a circumstances are unable to get more out of the present system.
	For example, you might say, "If you want something that you want to wear, you're not really sure how you feel about it. " In particular, the risk of vitamins and minerals may take on a great deal of illness and circumstances.
	The amount of fast - food supply provided in the United States and South America has increased dramatically, especially because of a lack of vitamins and minerals, as well as in the spread of disease and circumstances.
	If we want to keep our health simple and focused, we need not feel that it is more important than our spiritual health and that it provides spiritual food for the family.
	If we lose some of our taste in food, it is possible that we can stay in bed at night until we are able to obtain food and other necessities. - See charts in the January 2007 issue of Awake!
	One is that a lack of vitamins and minerals may lead to some reduction in disease and disease.
	One cause is that the loss of minerals and minerals can lead to a large reduction in the body's health and health.
	For one thing, the lack of Lent and minerals can lead to a relatively low risk of heart disease and disease.
	In the United States, for example, an average of some 1 billion children in the United States aged 16 to 19 are infected with HIV, which is "depressed on the average, " reports the newspaper The New York Times.
	One reason is that a shortage of vitamins and minerals can lead to a significant reduction in the health and diseases that are at the top of the world's population.
	Instead, we need to eat a certain amount of nutritious food every day.
	The need for us to have a balanced diet, not merely a diet of foods we may have not eat from but a measure of nourishment each day.
	However, you may not have to spend some time with your children and prepare them for a meal, but you may need to eat a certain amount of food each day.
	Rather, we have to do with a measure of nourishing food every day.
	Instead, each day we need to get some foods, including foods, foods, tastes and tastes, and other foods.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Due to the fact you weren't listening, you understood virtually nothing of what I said.
Top 25 Translations
	As for the truth you were not listening to, you were almost understanding of what I didn't talk about.
	As for truth you weren't listening, you never understood almost anything about what I was talking about.
	As for the truth you weren't listening, you were almost not understanding what I was talking about.
	As for truth you weren't listening, you were almost understanding of what I was talking about.
	As for truth you weren't listening, you had almost no understanding of what I was talking about.
	The fact that you weren't listening, you got almost nothing about what I said.
	Because you weren't listening to the fact, you didn't understand almost nothing of what I said.
	Because of the fact that you weren't hearing, you didn't understand practically nothing about what I said.
	Because of this fact that you were not listening, you got almost nothing about what I said.
	The fact that you weren't listening, you got almost nothing about what I said.
	It was actually not that you didn't hear, you got almost nothing about what I said.
	Indeed, it was not that you had heard, you almost understood almost nothing about what I said.
	It wasn't really that you were not listening to, you didn't understand almost anything about what I said.
	In fact you did not listen, you were almost not aware of what I said.
	Actually, you didn't hear that, you almost didn't understand what I said.
	You didn't really understand about you, for you, what I said is almost nothing.
	You heard you didn't really understand what about you, actually, what I told you about is not almost anything.
	You hadn't actually understood, for you, what I told you about is almost nothing.
	Did you really not hear what I said about it, really don't understand anything for you.
	You did not really understand about you, really nothin' about anything I told you about.
	You weren't really listening, you didn't understand what I said.
	Indeed you weren't really listening, you didn't understand what I said.
	Indeed you aren't listening, you don't understand what I said.
	Really, you weren't hearing. You didn't understand much of what I told you.
	You were not really listening, you didn't understand almost what I said.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The rules and regulations were explained many times, but he has failed to comprehend them.
Top 25 Translations
	Jesus knew that his disciples would never have to be like him. He did not understand them.
	He knows what they think and do, but he does not understand them.
	Jesus said: "Because of the abundance of the goodness of my mouth he has rendered to you today, O my God, remember me. "
	However, he did not understand them.
	He is the Creator. But he has never understood them.
	However, they did not understand the Law and its laws, and they often showed the Law and its laws but fail to understand them.
	In fact, on several occasions he displayed laws and laws, but they have failed to understand them.
	They were not able to explain what they were taught by Jehovah. Rather, they demonstrated rules and regulations at times, but they have failed to understand them.
	Instead, they displayed rules and laws many times - but they have failed to understand them.
	Instead, they displayed laws and regulations, but now they have failed to understand them.
	In fact, he taught his followers to be "in subjection to Caesar, " not to men but to God, who" has also given himself over to those who are to be rule able to rule as kings with Christ. "
	The Law and Deuteronomy were often guided but have failed to understand them.
	The Law and regulations were often explained, but they did not understand them. The Law and the system were often explained, and it failed to understand them.
	The Laws and statutes were explained many times, but they did not understand them.
	The laws and procedures have often been clarified but fail to understand them.
	She was often understood in terms of laws and rules, yet she did not understand them. In time, she became convinced that she understood the laws and the laws.
	She once was considered clear in rules and precepts, but he could not understand it.
	He was frequently understood as clear by the Law and the law, but his understanding was not limited to what he knew.
	In fact, he said: "For a certainty I perceive that Jehovah is a God of love, and those worshiping him are not the ones who are making them tremble. "
	He often understood the rules and the laws, but he could not grasp them. When the scribes and Pharisees came to understand God's Law, he did not fully understand it.
	Sometimes, though, he has missed them because the Law and rules had been taken away.
	At times, he has failed to understand the Law and the laws and laws. Yet, he has often failed to understand them.
	At times the laws and the laws were taken away, but they failed to understand them.
	He has sometimes been removed from the law and the law; yet, he has failed to understand them.
	He has at times been removed from the Law and the Law, but he has failed to understand them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "I risked life and limb to save you and look at how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouted.
Top 25 Translations
	"I risk life and organs to save you and see how you're ungrateful!" Charles shouted.
	"I've risked lives and organs to save you and look how you are ungrateful!" Charles shouted.
	"I danger life... and the organ to keep you and look how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouted.
	"I threaten life and the organ to save you and look how unthankful you are!" Charles shouted.
	"I threaten life and organ to save you and look at how unthankful you are!" cried Charles.
	"I risked life and saved you from injury and looking at how ungrateful you are." Charles shouted.
	"I risked my life and saved you from harm and looking how thankless you are." Charles shouted.
	"I risked life for you and protect you from injury and look how thankless you are." Charles shouted.
	"I risked my life and saved you from damage and looking how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouted.
	"I've risked my life by saving you from injury and look how ungrateful you are." Charles cried.
	"I risk the life and part to protect you, and look at how you are grateful!" Charles shouted.
	"I took the risk of life and body to protect you and look at how grateful you are!" Charles shouted.
	"When I risk life and organs to protect you and look at how you are grateful!" Charles shouted.
	"I risked life and organs to protect you and look at how thankful you are!" Charles shouted.
	"I risk the life and organs to protect you and see how happy you are." Charles shouted.
	"I've given life and organs to protect you and see how you are ungrateful!" shout Charles.
	"I've risked life and limb to protect you and look how you're ungrateful." Charles shouted.
	"I've threatened to protect you the life and part and see how you are ungrateful!" Glory be to Charles.
	'I have risked life and body to protect you, and look at how you are ungrateful!' Charles shouted.
	"I've taken risk of life and part to save you and see how you're ungrateful." Charles shouted.
	"I'm in danger to save you from life and the belly and look at how you're ungrateful." Charles shout. "No, I have you to say sir, that you have to tell yourself to save yourself."
	"I'm in danger of life and have risk of food to protect you and regard how you are ungrateful." Charles cried. "No, I've said you lose, that you have to say that you must save yourself." "I'll know what to do."
	"I'm in danger of life and try to risk your stomach and watch how you were ungrateful." Charles shouted. "I'm not you, you've to say you won't, I have to say that you won't lose, I have to protect myself."
	"I'm in danger and the stomach danger to save you and watch how you're ungrateful." Charles shout. "No, I say that you'll give up, I have to say that you have to give yourself up, that I gotta make known what to do."
	"I'm risked and risking you to save the stomach and watch how you're ungrateful." Charles shouted. "No, I have you to say you lost, I'll tell you to save yourself."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Do you even notice that you're whistling? It's really disturbing me.
Top 25 Translations
	It is really bothering me that you're whistled.
	It's really bothering me that you're scurvying.
	It's really upseting me that you're obscing.
	It's really bothering me that you're whistled.
	It's really bothering me that you're sounding.
	Also note that you're wearing whistles? This is bothering me.
	Not to mention that are you whistling too? This is bothering me.
	Note, too, that you're playing? It's bothering me.
	Note that you're playing too? It's bothering me.
	Also note if you're snaging? It's bothering me.
	What do you also notice is that you whistle? It's really bothering me.
	Are you careful, too, that you whistle? It's really bothering me.
	Do you also notice that you whistle? It's really bothering me.
	Do you also note that you chit? It's really bothering me.
	Do you also notice that you whistle? This is really bothering me.
	That's also attention you're gonna whistle? It's really bothering me.
	You are also careful that you're whistleing? It's actually bothering me.
	Careful that you're even using this whistle? It's actually bothering me.
	It's actually bothering me that you are gonna whistle too?
	You are also careful that cries? It's really bothering me.
	Do you also listen, that you are climbing on the ship? It's really bothering me.
	Are you too paying attention to me, you get on the boat? It's really bothering me.
	Do you notice too, if you are climbing up the boat? It's really bothering me.
	Do you also notice, you are climbing on the boat? This is really bothering me.
	You even notice you're climbing on ship? It was really bothering me.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Though the report is good, I don't think you do enough to define the goals of it at the beginning.
Top 25 Translations
	Despite this report good, I don't think you have enough to define it to the target at the beginning.
	Although this report is nice, I don't feel you have enough to define this target at the beginning.
	Despite the news good, I don't think you've enough to define it to the target on the beginning.
	Although this report is good, I don't think you have enough to define it on the beginning.
	Despite that report good, I don't think you have enough to define it on the beginning.
	Though good reports, I don't think you're enough to define your target at the beginning.
	Well, though the report is good, I don't feel that you're sufficient to define your target at the beginning.
	Well, though, the report is nice, I don't think you got enough to define your target on the beginning.
	Though good report, I don't think you've been able to define you at the beginning of your target.
	Though good reports, I don't think that you've had enough to define your target at the beginning.
	Though the report is nice, but I don't think you have enough to define its goals at first.
	Though the report is nice, but I don't think you're enough to define its goals at first.
	The report is good, though, but I don't think you've done enough to define its goals at first.
	While the report is good, but I do not think you have enough to define its goals at first.
	While the report's good, but I don't think you have enough to define its goals at first.
	Well, do not think I'm sufficient to define its goals in the first place.
	Well, the report is good, I don't think you have enough to define its products in the first place.
	The report is good, I don't think you have enough to define its goals in the first place.
	Good report, don't I think you've got enough to define its targets in the first place.
	The report is good, I'm not sure you have enough to define it in the first place.
	The report is good though I think you don't think it's enough to define its goals at the beginning.
	The report is good though I don't feel enough to define it at the beginning of its goals.
	The report sounds good though I don't think you've been able to define it at the beginnings of its goals.
	The report is good though I think you don't think it should have enough to define the goals at the beginning.
	The report good though I think you don't think enough to define it at the beginning of its goals.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Disaster struck on the fairground ride when one of the children released the safety bar.
Top 25 Translations
	When one of the children was lifted up by a protection bar, destruction was then coming upon the planet. But it was not the first human pair.
	As one of the children removed the security bar, disaster hit the island. But there is much that they could do for the parents, even if it is not for their children.
	When one of the children removed the safety bar, ruin on the ground was over and a series of devastating explosions took place.
	When one of the children eliminated security bars, an earthquake swept through the land. But it was just a dream that I would never have felt as if I had been in my early teens.
	When one child of the children was lifted from a security bar, disaster hit the shore.
	At the same time, a couple of young men left the security bar, which was facing the clouds, as it were, but the two of them remained in their assignment for some time.
	At first, there was one of their children. A number of the children left the security wall on which the sky was hovering away.
	One of the children who was left alone on that day felt like the sky shut up at night.
	One of the young men left a safe hole in the sky. This led to great woe for both the children and their families.
	Then, as a result of their actions, they had to flee from their homes and flee from home.
	When the children left home, catastrophe suddenly swept through the land's edges. In time, the children got to know Bible truth and to believe that Jehovah God is the only true God, Jehovah God.
	Suddenly a sudden quake struck the ends of the ground when a family of young people left behind the security bar.
	When one person left the security bar in the children, sudden catastrophe swept through the earth's ends with a violent storm.
	When one man of children left the security bar, the unexpected disaster caused serious storm on the boundaries of the ground.
	During the time of one individual security bar left off, devastating hurricanes struck the edges of the ground.
	At that time, World War II was at hand and the risk of death was on the rise for many children.
	At that time World War II broke out and many lives were in danger of death.
	At that time, World War II was at hand, and many children were in the threat of death.
	At that time World War II began, and many children were at risk of premature deaths. In fact, in one war I was only three years old.
	At the time, the war broke out at all, with the risk of the deaths of many children.
	But when one of the children left security, she was hit by a catastrophic storm, and her father, who was not the only Witness of Jehovah, was left to work for the rest of the family.
	But when one of the children left the security bar, he was on the move with disaster. He felt that he was going to suffer because he wanted to serve at the branch office of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	At the time that one of the children left security, however, a devastating storm caused the child to run on with disaster.
	But when one of them left the security bar, a storm struck them down with disaster. What did he do about it?
	However, when one of the children left a protective barrier, a hurricane swept them along with disaster.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Pesticides have meant that many butterflies native to this area are no longer found.
Top 25 Translations
	This is a vital part, but it is not true.
	That is significant, but that is not true.
	This is vital, but there is no reason to believe that we have to be concerned about our relationship with God.
	The need for this is great, though not so. But what is the basic meaning of it?
	However, that is not so. It is very important, yet it is not.
	Many tribes of that land cannot be found any longer. How did God feel when he delivered the Israelites from Egypt?
	Many species of this land cannot be found any longer. But Jehovah will not allow this to happen in our day.
	Most of this land's nations no longer are to be found.
	Many tribes of this land can no longer be found. Yet, the peoples who worship God are not the most isolated people in the world.
	In some parts of the world, only a few nations are now part of the United States and the United States.
	Almost all girls here cannot reach their destination.
	Almost all the girls here cannot reach their destination.
	Almost all of the girls, including children, are unable to reach their destination.
	Nearly all their girls in here can't reach their destination.
	Some of these girls, however, cannot reach their destination.
	One of them died unexpectedly, leaving off his life in ruins. As soon as he could see them, he was moved to tears.
	One of them, who had seen them, died in the cold light and led astray from his way of life.
	When she saw them, one of them lost her life. She died a long time before her death. In fact, she had been dead for two years.
	As soon as they were seen, one of them died in a fiery hell and lost his life.
	In the days of King David, Jehovah's Witnesses lived there for about five years, but they were determined to maintain integrity and live a simple life in the new world.
	One of these women observed: If you can leave it, your health can get worse and that is better.
	In fact, one of the girls said: "Inflate can cause harmful health damage to you and it's better if you can leave it. "
	One of these women observed: "If you can quit, your health is at stake and it is even better.
	One of the women observed: "If you're able to quit, you're too bad to stay. You are better, I'm in a better position than I'm doing. "
	One of the women said: "If you could leave these, your health is damaged, and it's better.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The sacked teacher returned to the school and made off with computer equipment worth thousands.
Top 25 Translations
	The Witnesses had been eager to help the brothers, and they did so again. They had to return to school to make computer equipment with thousands of dollars.
	In time, they became convinced that they had found a way to get more accurate Bible knowledge and Bible truth, and they began attending meetings of the Bible Students.
	He had already been studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses for about five years, but then his life changed. " I don't have any idea where I'm going and how I should go, " he said.
	The following year, I was appointed to a circuit assembly of Jehovah's Witnesses at the United States branch office of Jehovah's Witnesses in Brooklyn, New York.
	She returned to school to make computer equipment with thousands of dollars.
	The teacher wanted to return to school, which demanded tens of thousands of people from computer tools.
	It was the teacher who was returning to school and asking thousands of people for computer devices. He said that he had already made some plans for the future.
	The teacher was asking thousands of people to come back to school from computer devices.
	She was required to visit school, to ask thousands of people from computer devices.
	But the teacher did not give up. The teacher was returning to school and demanding thousands of people from computer equipment.
	Then she went to school to use computers that helped her many thousands to learn how to use her computer equipment.
	He went to school and used computer equipment in which thousands of people were helped.
	Then he took his mind to school by using computer tools to help thousands of people.
	She used the computer equipment at school, so thousands helped them.
	He had used computer tools to assist thousands of people who did so, and he used thousands of them to use them in the school.
	He found the book that she had given her teacher.
	A young Witness named Anna observed the book The Secret of Family Happiness, which she gave her teacher, and then she found the book entitled The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life.
	She noted that a teacher had told her to "make a conscious effort to get to know one another " about God and Jesus Christ as the" Son of God. "
	One day in the afternoon, a teacher approached her and asked. She noticed that the book she gave to her teacher had just given it.
	She noticed what she had already given to her teacher.
	The teacher returned to school, requesting thousands of from computer equipment.
	In fact, the student was amazed when the student learned that the student was studying with the Witnesses, who had accepted the Watchtower and Awake! magazines.
	The student returned to school with thousands of requests from computer devices. He also asked questions about Bible - based answers to his questions.
	He asked a question about how much he knew about God and how best to do so. The student returned to school, asking thousands of computer devices.
	After a few months, the teacher began studying the Bible with the Witnesses and asked for thousands of questions.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even though the accused didn't carry out his threat, the victim was left terrified.
Top 25 Translations
	And though the attorney increased not every man's danger, they were afraid of the wounded man.
	Although the accusers didn't add themselves to her danger, they were terrified of the wounded man.
	Though the council had not increased itself, they were afraid of the wounded man.
	And though the conspiracy had not increased his face, then they were afraid of the man that was wounded.
	Though the thunder didn't add his danger, they were afraid of the wounded man.
	The fear of complaint was lifted up, but the spirit of the wound fell upon him.
	The terrors did not lift up the fear of the accusation, but the terror came on that which was left in his heart.
	The fear of punishment arose not: but the terror was taken away from him.
	Neither lifted up the fear of punishment, but the terror fell on him.
	Neither lifted up the dread of accusations: but the spirit of his wound was filled with terror.
	Although protesters couldn't contribute to their danger, the victim was frightened.
	Though the prosecutors didn't raise their threat, the victim was frightened.
	While the protesters did not raise their threat, he was frightened.
	Although the prosecutors didn't increase their risk, he was scared of the victim.
	Though protesters didn't increase their danger, the victim was terrified.
	But the judges didn't prove him worthy of a danger, but that afflicted men were afraid.
	And the liars suffered him not. But the poor man was afraid.
	But those who were accused didn't threaten him, but the poor man was afraid.
	The accusers didn't threaten him, but the afflicted were terrified, and were brought into fear.
	But they that accuse me brought not his face to water: but the poor man was afraid.
	Though the swallows didn't give their threats to destruction, the prey was afraid.
	Though the swallowrs didn't give up their threats, the prey was afraid.
	Although the swallows did not threaten themselves, the prey was afraid.
	Though the priests didn't rebuke themselves, the prey was terrified.
	Though the swallows refused their threatening, the prey was afraid.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "It is only through the generous grants given to me by this college that I'm able to continue my work."
Top 25 Translations
	"It's being provided only by generosity that I've been given this college that I'm continuing my job."
	"It's being given only through generosity that I've been given through this college on which I'm continuing my job."
	"This is being given only through generosity in this college I have been given to continue my work."
	"It's only being bestowed by generosity that I've been given through this college on which I'm continuing my job."
	"It's only being given through generosity to me by this college that I'm going to continue my work."
	"It is only through generous giving that I can continue my job that this college is able to give me it."
	"It's only by generously giving that I'm able to keep my work up to give it to me from this college."
	"It's just by giving by liberalizing that I can continue my work to let me do it from this college."
	"This is only through liberal giving that I may continue my job to give me this college."
	"It was the only means by giving this generously to continue my work that this college is capable of letting me give me."
	"It's only given me a generous gift to give me my work from this college."
	"It has only been bestowed by generosity on me to give me my work from this college."
	"It's only given me generosity to give me through this college. I have to continue my work."
	"It's only been given me a generosity to grant me from this college to go on my job."
	"It's only given me a generous thing to give me this college. I am continuing my job from the thing I'm doing."
	"It is only generously giving me to this college that I can continue my work."
	"This is only liberal giving me from this college that I can continue my work."
	"It was only generously giving me from the college I can continue my work."
	"It's only generously giving me what I can to continue my work on this college."
	"It's only graciously paying me out of that college that I can continue my work."
	"This is simply through liberal giving to give me out by college that I am able to continue my work."
	"It is just through liberal giving to give me this college that I am able to continue my work."
	"It's just through liberal generosity to owe me through this college that I'm able to continue my work."
	"It's just to give me through generous generosity through this college that I'm able to carry on my work."
	"It's just through generous generosity to hand me through the college from that I am able to continue my work."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Great care must be taken with fireworks and similar devices that can cause injury.
Top 25 Translations
	If you have been able to keep fires in your mouth, it will be wise to check your fires on the fires you are using in front of.
	If you were to drive a car or a car for one car or two, you must be careful about using fireworks and instruments that can cause harm.
	The Bible's use of the same word shows that the original Greek word used here is a "intermediate verb " that used in Greek, often translated in Greek, means" to cause harm or hurt or distress. "
	Fireballs and devices are to be extremely protective enough to cause injury.
	Fireworks and tools that help harm people to do so should be carefully followed. In a similar vein, what might be said to be true of both the fires and their equipment?
	If we are careful about what we do and the way others do, we will want to take care of our spiritual needs and help them avoid being too caught in the race for everlasting life.
	If fires are available in your area, it is safe to take them to the police station, since they can be found in some of the places where you live.
	If a game has been added, then it should be repeated to the patient that he has no control over his behavior and then that he does not know how to change his situation.
	In the last decade, fires and other weapons have been used as fuel to keep fires off the city's heat, thus opening the way for an end to war - torn conflict in the 20th century.
	You can do so by taking good care of yourself or others. You will find it easier to talk to their friends and family members in the ministry or to help them see the need to listen to them.
	Fires and approaches should be taken seriously by means of metal and devices that can cause harm.
	Fireworks and be taken very carefully with tactics that can hurt. It should be carried on as never as possible to do so.
	Firefightings are to be taken with great care - and no one - at least for a long time - but not for a few decades.
	Fireworks and devices that could damage lives should be taken seriously.
	Fires and even fires must be taken into account. They should have to be taken into consideration by fires.
	What is done to protect yourselves against fireworks and tools that may be used to hurt you?
	The use of fireworks and instruments that can hurt them is essential. It is vital that we keep our eyes focused on spiritual things and seek to protect ourselves from the dangers that Satan's world offers.
	Firefighters and tools that could cause harm. This information is not available to people in the United States.
	However, these events may be difficult because it does not produce any real problems for those living in war or for those who refuse to take part in a war, even though they are not able to do so.
	In recent years, fires have been used to kill millions of people each year, depending on the extent of their ability to use them, even if they seem to be in the most extremeable situation.
	This is the most effective way to keep your child out of trouble. You may need to use your computer to reduce stress and help him to regain his spiritual balance.
	The mouth and hairstyle are also the best known use of electronic devices, since it has been the most common way to get to know the names of all members of the opposite sex.
	The goal should be to keep your body clean and to help others appreciate what they have done for us and to teach us how to control the tongue and how to protect the tongue.
	And when an accident is over, you may want to do the same, and that is what may happen if the victim is under attack. You should be careful about what is going to happen.
	When you are a child, you need to be aware that there are times when you can talk to your doctor about what you do or about what you say and do.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The Dollar-Euro exchange rate has fluctuated a lot throughout the year.
Top 25 Translations
	The expensive exchange rate is pretty bad in a year.
	The Exchange rate is greatly damaged in a year.
	The expensive Exchange rate is badly damaged in a year.
	The valuable exchange rate has become very bad in a year.
	The valuable Exchange rate has become very corrupt in a year.
	The price of dollar has made a lot bad in a year.
	A dollar change rate's made a huge mess in a year.
	The dollar rate has become a lot worse in a year.
	The price price was to be a lot worse than a year.
	Several dollars's cost costs has been a lot worse in a year.
	The price of a dollar rate is so bad throughout the year.
	Money price rate is pretty bad in the year.
	Dollar prices have been a lot of bad throughout the year.
	The cost of dollar rates's gone too bad in the year.
	Dollar price rate has been badly corrupted in the year.
	Prices have been low in the year after a year.
	The price has dropped too low in a year instead of a year.
	Instead of the price, a rate has been very low in a year.
	Costs have become too low in a year after year.
	The cost changes have turned too slow in year after year.
	A whole year's gone too low for $5 (U.S.).
	Rates in return for dollars have fallen a lot too low a year.
	The rate for profits is a lot mean throughout the year.
	The rate for dollar has dropped a lot too slow a year.
	The rate for dollars has dropped a lot too slow a year.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Many animals are endangered because humans have invaded their usual habitat.
Top 25 Translations
	Many animals are vulnerable, since man has long settled his home for all eternity.
	In fact, the animal kingdom is not just a natural place in the history of human affairs but also an everlasting home for mankind, the earth's inhabitants. - Genesis 2: 1 - 5.
	Many animals are threatened with permanent restingout. But they will not have to live to see how they feel about it.
	It is also possible for animals to have their eternal home and the prospect of their living forever on a paradise earth.
	Many animals have been in danger because humans have already established an eternal home for them - whether it be animals or humans.
	Many living creatures are in danger because humans have invaded their common faith. However, God's holy spirit also helps us to cope with the problems we face in this system of things.
	Many souls have been in danger because human beings have attacked their common faith.
	Many organisms are at risk because they have taken sides on their general belief.
	There are so many life - threatening creatures who have attacked their general faith.
	Many creatures have been in danger as humans have attacked their generals. However, they have also learned how to kill and kill their loved ones.
	Many animals are threatened because human society has attacked its home so that it can stay normal.
	Many animals are threatened, for mankind has attacked his house to keep his own life simple and to protect its health.
	Many animals are affected by danger, for mankind has attacked his home to prevent him from keeping his life simple.
	Many animals are at risk because mankind has entered an assault on his own home to keep his health simple.
	Many animals are in danger because people have attacked their home to remain normal. The Bible says: "The Devil has come down to you with his powerful angels. "
	The threat of life on earth as humans are subjected to an ongoing attack by animals is not limited to animals. In the United Nations, many species of species are threatened by human homes to live forever.
	Many of the animal sacrifices are threatened because man's homes are attacked for all time. As a result, the animal has been destroyed.
	For many animals to live forever, human home has been threatened and controlled by the threat of death.
	Most animals are threatened with death because they are under attack by human family members. For example, consider the ancient patriarch Job.
	Most animals are affected by the death of human family - an in - depth accident to make it impossible for them to live forever.
	Many beasts are in danger because humans have attacked their humble dwelling place. Many animals have been threatened by humans.
	Many animals are in danger because humans have been attacked by their normal dwelling place.
	Many beasts are at stake because humans have attacked their normal home. In fact, in fact, there is little that we can do to escape the ravages of poverty and poverty.
	Many animal life is threatened because humans have been attacked on their humble habitation.
	Many animal creatures are in danger because humans have attacked their normal residences. This is not the case with the human race, the human family of mankind.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Despite being such a frequent visitor to Paris, Sam never bored of exploring it.
Top 25 Translations
	Although he visited Paris so often, Sam never gave up trying to find him. After all, he also began studying the Bible and the publications of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	Though he had visited Paris so many times, Samuel never refused to find it. In fact, he found a better way of life.
	Though he visited Paris so many times, Sam never denied finding him.
	Though he visited Paris so far, Samuel never refused to search for him. Yet, he had never come to Paris after him.
	Though he had been attending Paris so many times, Samuel refused to find him.
	Despite such frequent traveling to Paris, Sam had never lost the time to find it.
	Yet, after many visits to Paris, Sam never lost the time to find it. One day he went to a house in the area where he had been living, and he started to study the Bible with one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	Yet, despite having such a repeated trip to Paris, Samuel never lost the opportunity to find it.
	Despite this frequent trip to Paris, Sam had never failed to find it. As we read the Bible, we learned that he was "a man agreeable to Jehovah. "
	Nevertheless, Samuel did not miss out on pursuing such a trip to Paris. He then began to attend meetings at a Kingdom Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses.
	Even though he was going to Paris, he never felt tired of it.
	Even though he did not tire out, he had kept on his way to Paris.
	Even though he was heading to Paris, he never felt tired of it, but he never had to learn about the Kingdom and the blessings we had in God's service.
	He did not give up, though, since he was traveling to Paris, and he never did tire out.
	Though she was heading for Paris, he never got tired of it.
	He never lost his search. He never lost sight of it, although he went to Paris and never lost sight of it.
	After traveling to Paris, Sam did not lose his search but never forgot. It is worth noting that the search had been reduced to a long time.
	Samuel, after he moved from Paris, did not weaken his discovery. He never forgot his discovery, but he still did not forget it.
	" I felt that if we were going to see the world's wisdom, it would not be too much for us to go to another country and see our world, " he recalls.
	In spite of his limitations, Sam did not hesitate to search for Jehovah and his people, and he was moved by the Bible's guidance and the principles of his Word.
	He was a loving Father, and I was kind to his wife. A Bible study was started with him on the day before he died.
	His love for his father was tender, and he showed loving consideration for his wife.
	He loved his heavenly Father and showed his wife a loving way of dealing with her. (Read Luke 14: 24 - 26.)
	By his example, Jehovah was a real person to whom he loved his wife, whom he loved and dealt with with with his wife in a loving manner.
	His love for his father, and he loved his wife, and he loved her, even though he did not want to do what was right. His love moved him to treat his wife with deep love.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: When choosing for this role, don't overlook the talents of Brian, one of the best actors in the academy.
Top 25 Translations
	Selecting this part of, Brian's skills were not ignored, an finest actor in Pakistan.
	Selection of this role, Brian did not ignore Brian's talents, one best actor in Pakistan.
	Selecting this role did not ignore Brian's ability, a best agent in Pakistan.
	Selecting this role, Brian's skill was not ignored, a best agent in Pakistan.
	Selecting this role did not ignore Brian's ability, a best actor in Pakistan.
	To be selected for this role don't neglect Brian's skill, one of the best agents in Pakistan.
	Selecting for this role is... not neglecting Brian's skills, one of the best agents in Pakistan.
	To choose for this role, don't ignore Brian's skill, the best actor in Pakistan.
	To be selected to this role, don't neglect Brian's ability, a best worker in Pakistan.
	With regard to the role, don't neglect Brian's skill, a best agent in Pakistan.
	When selected for this role, don't neglect Brian's skill, one of the Best Actor of Afghanistan's best in power.
	When he chose for the role, don't ignore Brian's skills, one of the Best Actin's best of doership.
	When choosing for a role to play, don't ignore Brian's skill, one of the best agents of witchcraft.
	When he chose to do this part, don't ignore Brian's skill, one of the best actors of exclusively being a actor.
	When choosing for this role, don't drop into forget Brian's skills, one of the best actors in Tunisia.
	Selecting this role does not ignore Brian's skills, one of the Best agents that is in Kama.
	Selecting this role, Brian does not neglect his skills, is in Carol a better actor.
	Selecting this role, Brian does not ignore the skills, one of the best agents that still exist in Manama.
	Selecting this role, like, does not ignore Brian's skill, is in memory the best actor.
	Select, choose Brian's skills for this role, do not ignore Brian's ability, is in memory one of the best actors.
	Ignore Brian's skills when chose to handle this role, one of the greatest agents in ammonia.
	Ignore Brian's skill when chosen to play it, one of the greatest scientists in ammonia.
	Idlele Brian's skills as he selected this role, and one of the greatest agents in ammonia.
	Ignore Brian's skills when he chose for this role, one of the greatest agents in Macedonia.
	Ignore Brian's skills when he has chosen for this role, a one of the greatest agents in ammonia.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The taste is wrong. Add some more salt to it. That might do the trick.
Top 25 Translations
	Give it some more salt, which can be tricky.
	Add a few more salt salts to it that could be deceptive.
	Dance makes the taste turn dim. Fill up some more salt that can be deceptive.
	Adding to it some more salt so that can be tricky.
	Add some more salt in it, so you can be deceptive.
	Add some salt to it. It can be deceptive.
	Add some salt to that. It could lead to deceit.
	Fill up some salts in it. That can be deceptive.
	Fill some salt in that. That could deceive you.
	Add the taste a bit salt in that. It could trick you.
	The taste's wrong. Add some more salt and this may be deceptive.
	The taste is wrong. Add some more salt to this and lose it in a deceitful way.
	The taste is false. Add a few more salts and might be deceptive with this.
	A taste is wrong. Add some more salt and can be deceitful with this.
	The taste's wrong. Add a few more salts and might be deceptive with this.
	Give him a little salt. It can move.
	A little salter for her, that can be made a move.
	The taste is wrong. Increase a little salt for her. It can move.
	Give him a little salt more. That can move.
	Give him a little salt. That can move.
	But it has not always been so easy for me to change my personality.'" - Psalm 90: 13. " The taste is wrong, give some salt in it; so that this delusion may lead to error.
	Sowing the tasted fruit, give some salt to it; so that this could lead to confusion.
	The taste is wrong, even give a little salt at it; thus could it lead to this delusion.
	A taste is wrong, not a little salt in that, so as to confuse this delusion.
	The taste, even a little salt in it; so that you may be misled by it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The director promised a broad and thorough review to get to the bottom of why the scandal happened.
Top 25 Translations
	They promised to punish, even as a man would have deserved, since they did not know how to punish the one who suffered the shame.
	" But I did not want to be judged; nor did I want anyone to know how to speak, " he wrote, "but what you should speak, because you are holy and perfect, just as I am holy. "
	They promised that if only he had known what he wanted to do, he would have suffered the consequences of his own actions, such as murder, murder, rape, murder, and murder.
	They promised that if only he had known what he wanted, he would be punished, as if he were still a man who could not even know what he wanted.
	They also claimed that if he did not know what he wanted, they had to punish him, as one would have been, just as a man did.
	According to this report, this report had a huge dispute about the case.
	According to the report, this report had a considerable dispute. It is estimated that hundreds of people from around the world were killed in divorce.
	The report also pointed out that while there was a need for Kingdom Halls, many people do not feel at home or even go to work.
	According to the report, this report had an extensive debate about the matter.
	According to this report, the report discussed the matter with great controversy.
	The director offered to make a wide, thorough count of what brought reproach on him.
	The director promised to make an extensive and thorough round count of what caused the slander.
	That director offered to give a thorough and thorough account about the reason why slander was committed.
	That director decided to make a wide, thorough count on the reasons why slander took place.
	That director offered to give a wide, thorough round account about why he was subjected to slander.
	The director, with extensive confirmation of the need for others to be reproached and rejected, testified in advance the reasons for which it had been acknowledged.
	The director's detailed testimony to what caused the people to suffer humiliation. It was also based on the Bible text of Jeremiah: "I well know with all my heart that for all my hard work I have done, but I am not able to do all the works of the Lord. "
	This director wholeheartedly confirmed what the people were condemned to do. As noted earlier, Jesus'words found the answer to his question concerning the sign of his presence.
	The director in charge confirmed the reason for being accused. But the director's trial was far from easy to accept.
	The director had expanded in detail the reason why people were reproached.
	He said that there has been a thorough consideration of the reason for her actions on the infidelity of infidelity.
	She explained that one big thought about her behavior has been accurately discussed. She had been told that she was guilty of illegal sexual intercourse.
	He said that one of the best ways to cope with pornography is to make good use of pornography in the family and in the community.
	He noted that a large - scale view is made of the effect she has played on her actions in fornication: "What I want is not new to my eyes but to your ears. "
	They said that a thorough consideration of how she got out of prostitution has been revealed. She wrote: "I know it is good to think that I am not going to find my way back to my life.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Engineers made a tiny adjustment to the fuel pump and the mission continued.
Top 25 Translations
	This was wonderful, for this proved to be very beneficial.
	That was a great project, for it brought us many benefits. For the next two years I was assigned to serve where the need was greater.
	This was an effective assignment, which benefited us greatly. We never missed out on the work assigned to us.
	I also had the privilege of studying the book Knowledge That Leads to Everlasting Life.
	That was a wonderful job - it proved to be beneficial. I was glad that I was not alone in the full - time ministry.
	The ship weighed over 8 degrees Fahrenheit [8  C], and it lasted only two days.
	The ship weighs over 5 degrees Fahrenheit [5  C], with just two days'length, while the plane is more than eight degrees Fahrenheit [30  C].
	If this ship was to lose its weight, it would be less than eight degrees Fahrenheit [8  C, 6  C.], which is only for two days.
	The ship's length is far more than eight degrees Fahrenheit [8  C], and it is for only two days.
	It is measured by more than eight degrees Fahrenheit [ Eight  C.], in just two days.
	All of this came with the purpose of arranging fuel tanks and continuing to do the project. This required a steady change in fuel tanks.
	These were intended to make changes in fuel tanks, and they would continue to work for it.
	In the first century, a small factory was built to support the use of fuel mills, including a steady change of fuel - producing tanks, and working for it to continue.
	All of that was to continue to change and to continue to operate on fuel tanks.
	The goal was to make continued construction and maintenance necessary for the fuel tanks.
	The project continues with the flight process of flying passengers, which has changed considerably with fuel pumping and fueling on the aircraft.
	In the meantime, the plane aircraft pumps some fuel engines and heat - fueling the vessel. The aircraft is still moving at low speeds.
	In the course of this project, the aircraft engines greatly adjustd fuel pumping and heated down the plane, so the plane is still in the direction of the aircraft.
	With the continuing process of transporting the aircraft to fuel machines, aircraft engines have made a significant adjustment to warm the plane.
	In time, though, aircraft engines have been installed for nearly three years. As the course of the mission, aircraft engines have improved the fuel station and the fire process, which allows aircraft to heat the plane.
	All were pumped into fuel pumps and taken to a small change in the mission.
	All of them served as fuel pumps, and the mission had to be made a small adjustment.
	In time, however, this huge fuel pump was pumped down, and a little shift in the mission took place.
	This was followed by a small adjustment in the translation. We were able to use the fuel pump to build an fuel machine, which had been changed in the years following in the mission.
	The fuel pump and a small turnover in the mission were all taken away from the plant.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: At moments like this, I like to remember my grandfather and how he used to play that old violin.
Top 25 Translations
	However, my parents asked me if I could ever forget them. I still remember the words of a brother in my family when he was five years old.
	However, my parents asked me if I could ever forget them.
	My parents, however, advised me to forget what they were going through.
	My mother was so impressed with the way I reacted when I read the article "The Great Teacher of the Bible. "
	However, my parents asked me if I could ever forget them.
	Like my Father, I like to remind them and to use the habit of playing with the old grublinin.
	Like my father, I enjoy remembering them, and he used the experience to play with the old grubininin.
	I like to remind them like Dad, and he too used the ancient gratinia to play with them.
	Like my father, I remember him, and he too used it to play the same old velininin. I also used to try to encourage him, but I felt at ease in the congregation.
	" I like to recall him like my father, and he used the same technology to play on the old guinein.
	While I was young, I loved Grandpa very much, and then I played like her. A Bible study was started in her early childhood.
	While I was a child, my grandfather liked the thing, and then she played with the girl like the one she loved.
	" When I was young, Grandpa loved me, and then she played like a girl.
	While a young man in his early 20's, I liked my grandfather very much and began playing with her about to be like that girl.
	When I was a child, I liked my grandfather and then played like a girl. Then I moved out of the house to conduct a Bible study.
	At that same time, Christopher had been reminded of their well - used use in the use of that old girl to talk to him.
	At this time, my grandfather, Grandpa, was a well - known member of the congregation. He also remembered the fine manner he used to communicate to that old girl.
	I also remembered Grandpa when he was learning about how well he used that old girl to communicate.
	She was not very interested in what he could tell her that she wanted to know more about the Bible. But she felt that God was helping her to learn the pure language.
	At that time, Christopher was reminded that he was doing well in talking to that old young girl. I also learned to think about how much he used to talk to his grandfather.
	I felt as though my mom could miss her too and they could never play it. This time, she gave me a cup of tea to read with me.
	I felt that my mother could now remember as well as that they could never be able to play.
	" My mom wanted to remember my mother at least two weeks ago - but she felt that she could no longer play with me.
	I felt that my mom could remember too, and they could never have played. I felt that my mother had been so happy that she was not ready to get started in the Christian ministry.
	I thought my mom could now remember too, and she never was able to play.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: If you carry out this task successfully, it will help us enormously.
Top 25 Translations
	When you take this task successful, it will help us very well.
	If you take this task to succeed, it will help us a very good one.
	If you take this task to be successful, it will help us very well.
	When you move this task to successful, it will be a very good help to us.
	If you lead this work to a success, it's gonna help us very well.
	If you successfully complete this job, it will help us very well.
	If you complete this task successfully, it would help us very well.
	It will help us a great deal if you complete this task successfully.
	If you complete this task successfully, it will be very good to help us.
	If you complete this task successfully, it will help us very well.
	If you complete this task successfully, it will give us a measure of help.
	It will help us to a certain degree if you complete this task successfully.
	It will help us a measure if you complete this task successfully.
	If you successfully accomplish this task, it would help us a lot.
	If you successfully completed this assignment, it will help us to a certain degree.
	This will help us a lot if you fulfill this task successfully.
	It will do us a lot if you successfully complete this task.
	If you successfully fulfill this task, this will very much help us.
	If you successfully finish this work, it will be very much a help to us.
	It will be very much helping us if you complete this task successfully.
	It will help us very much if you continue to succeed.
	If you are reaching this task's success, it will deal very much with us.
	If you're getting this work successful, it will be a real help to us.
	It'll be a big help to us if you are finding your task so successful.
	If you're going to win this task, it will help us a lot.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Large black bands of clouds moved over the area and before long, the rain had started.
Top 25 Translations
	Before the rains came, rain began in several days, with thick clouds and rain poured down the clouds.
	In some days the rain began in the days of the dense cloud formed, and in some areas the rain began to take place in the days prior to rain.
	In time, however, the rains began a long period of days before rain struck. However, rain poured down and rain fell.
	Before the rain poured, rain began during days, with a cloud of thick clouds that started to shower. The rain began to begin on the earth just three days before the rain fell.
	In time, rain began during the heavy rains. The rain began in just a few days.
	The heavy rain clouds hit the territory for more than a year. The land had been covered by rain.
	We were on our way home, and after a couple of days, we were asked to return to our home area, which was a big rain cloud passing over that territory for more time.
	Our first assignment was to Portugal, where it was located, and where I had been, I had been able to flee to a neighbor's hometown.
	The heavy rain clouds were on the area for a time, but I still felt that I would not be able to do so at all.
	The storm clouds of rain lay still on the region. I remember the time when I was taken to another location to witness to the Witnesses.
	The storm collapsed, and the rain began to break. In time, our family became very sick, and we were living with our family.
	The storm began, and water began to turn out.
	In fact, the storm broke out and the water began to turn out. What a shock that must have been!
	The storm began to flood, and the water began to break down. The storm came up, and the rains began to break out.
	In the early days, we lived in a small village in the province of So Paulo, south of the border where we lived.
	As we look back, we will see how Jehovah has provided us in a special way. It is only reasonable to expect a cloud of clouds, areas, and for a long time.
	In the early days of the rainy season, there were clouds, territory, and length of dark clouds.
	Before the rain began, there was clouds of clouds, region, and length of time.
	Before the rain started, the cloud was formed, the region and long after the clouds were poured out.
	Before the rains were started, the sky began to grow cold clouds, the area, and long - term dark clouds.
	After a long distance of clouds came into the territory and the rain began.
	The cloud arrived for many years in the region and the rains began. This time, the cloud came to an end.
	After the rain, we returned to our new territory and found that there had been no more rain for many years than we had imagined.
	Despite these obstacles, there was no clear evidence of Jehovah's loving concern for his people.
	Despite their opposition, there was much work to do. The clouds long arrived to the field and the rain began.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You're looking so stressed Mike. You need to take it easy.
Top 25 Translations
	You're looking such a stressful thing as Mike, you need to take it easy.
	You're seeing so much tension, Mike. You need to take it easy.
	You're looking so stressful, Mike. You need to take it easy.
	You're looking so much stress, Mike. You need to take it easy.
	You have so much stress you're looking at. You need to take it easy.
	Mike, you're so troubled. You need to take it easy.
	Mike. You need to take it easy.
	Mike, you are so much upset. Do you need to take it easy.
	Mike, you're so upset. You need to make it easy.
	Mike, you are so upset. You need to take it easy.
	Mike, you need to take easy to take off so worn-out.
	Mike, you need to take it easy.
	Mike, you're so troubled, you need to take your ease.
	Mike. You need to take easy get rid of this tension.
	Mike. You need to take it easy.
	You're looking so loud, Mike. You need to take it easy.
	You're looking at Mike so loud. If you need easy to take it.
	You are looking so hard, Mike. You need to take it easy.
	You're looking so hard, Mike. You need to take it easy.
	- You're looking so loud. You need to take it easy.
	You're looking so stressful. You need to take it easy.
	You're seeing so much stress, Mike.
	You're looking so much stress, Mike.
	You're looking so stressful, Mike. You need to take it easy.
	You're seeing so stressful, Mike. You need to take it easy.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: A meteorite or comet impact is thought to have contributed to the dinosaurs' extinction.
Top 25 Translations
	A meteorologist or an Ottar effect idea is helping to help with...which has contributed to the disappearance of Medelossosis.
	A flame starman or an Osmanat is the idea to help you... has also contributed to the extinction of the Meerosasis.
	An starist or a optor's effect idea is to help... have contributed to desososing the extinction of mystisos.
	Antenser or optress is an operation idea to help... to wipe out meserossos.
	A meteorologist or artist has a influence idea to help out... has contributed to a extinction of meseroosis.
	A meteoroid or comet is considered to be an impact for merosteo's destruction.
	A asteroid or star influence is thought to have been supported to destroy the destruction of Merosslato.
	One is regarded as effect for the destruction of Merrosslaslano.
	A meteors or comet effect is considered to be cooperating to destroy the destruction of Merosslato.
	A bulletproof or comet is viewed as an influence for destruction of the Merrossoslasla.
	A meteorologist or comet is thought to promote the extinction of mosauism.
	It is thought to help a meteor or comet affect to extinction of dratosous's influence.
	A meteors or comets is thought to promote extinction of ill snoraus.
	A meteorologist or comets is thought to be fostered to disappear from the deckusauis.
	A meteor presence has been thought to promote the extinction of mosatous.
	One is supposed to have been exposed to a meteorotto effects, and then a meteoroid has turned to the extinction of the mugglade.
	A meteorball or starto effects are thought to have been contributed to the extinction of the Minglunde.
	A meteor fireper is thought to be the noratoro effect has contributed to the extinction of Merglats.
	An meteoroid or starto effects being thought to have been contributed to the extinction of Merglade.
	A meteorxe or staroto effect is supposed to have contributed to the extinction of lorgnoglade.
	A meteoroid or a watch effect... is made a contribution to extinction's extinction.
	A meteoroid or ant... is thought to be the advantage of a...donoboosus' to disappear.
	A meteorpith or ant is thought to have a contribution to the extinction of didnobotos'.
	A meteors or an ant's effect is thought to be... has contributed to the disappearance of dothobobobtoms.
	Is considered a meteoroid or a short effect... the thnobolius is made a contribution to extinction.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Police clashed with protestors who are trying to protect an ancient woodland from being destroyed.
Top 25 Translations
	Moreover, the police resisted the opposers who are trying to protect an ancient woodland because of its destruction.
	Additionally, the police opposed the opposers and were trying to protect an ancient woodland because of the ruin of the Skull and other ethnic groups.
	Furthermore, the police opposed the protesters, trying to preserve an ancient woodland because of its destruction.
	Moreover, police opposed opposers, trying to secure an ancient wooden city because of their being destroyed by the Nazis.
	In other cases, the police opposed the protestors, and they tried to preserve an ancient woodland because of its destruction.
	Police struck with opposers trying to protect an elder's forestons and try to protect him from ruin.
	Police hit the resistance that an older man tried to protect the woods and try to escape destruction.
	The police hit with opponents that are trying to protect a forestbas and try to protect them from destruction.
	Police struck with rivalers trying to defend a nation of men and try to save them from ruin.
	Police hit with opposers who try to protect an elder with the forestees and try to protect him from being ravaged.
	A police attack hit police trying to protect an elder from the destruction of the forest.
	If they do not see you, they will not hear you, and you will know the truth. " Why do some find it hard to understand what God's purpose for mankind is?
	An elder would hit the police with seditions trying to protect him from the disaster of a forest.
	A group of thousands of people were beaten down to death by the police. One day an elder was beaten down to the police'ambush.
	A police group was hit by conspiracy that an ancient elder is trying to protect against the destruction of a forest.
	The police fought between soldiers who are trying to avoid the destruction of the forestland.
	A conflict arose between police opposers, who are seeking to escape the destruction of the ancient forestland.
	A conflict between policemen caused an elder who is trying to avoid destruction in the forestland. He is now a baptized Witness of Jehovah and has learned from the Bible that we are living in "the last days. "
	The conflict arose among the opposers who try to escape destruction from a situation in the forestland.
	While the police fought among the officials of the police, an ancient elder is trying to avoid destruction at the forestland.
	Police fought for the protestors who are trying to defend an ancient wooden pieces... trying to save them from extinction.
	Police fought against opposers, trying to protect a old men from piece of wood... trying to escape ruin.
	The police fought against the adversaries who were trying to defend a stick pieces of wood... trying to escape ruin.
	The police fought for the protesters who were trying to protect an older man's stock of wood... trying to avoid ruin.
	The police have fought combators trying to protect a queads of wood... trying to escape destruction.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Oh, that dress reveals too much, Carol. I'd change it.
Top 25 Translations
	She's also showing quite the dress I have, Carol, I change it.
	- She makes it pretty clear too much of dress, Carol, I change it.
	- She reveals too much of dress, Carol, I change it.
	- She reveals it very well, Carol, I change it.
	- She reveals much to dress, Carol, I change it.
	- She expresses herself in a very dress, Carol.
	She makes it change. She reveals pretty much of your dress, Carol.
	She gets a lot of clothes out of there, Carol.
	I'm going to change it. She does so pretty much, Carol.
	- She does very well in dress, Carol.
	Oh, that dress reflects very much, Carol very much. And I used to change it.
	Oh, she reveals very to Carol, the dress she dresss too, that's pretty clear. I used to change it.
	Oh, she reveals it to Carol very, she's very, really, really, it's changed.
	Oh, that dress reveals a lot to Carol, so much. I used to change it.
	Oh, she reveals pretty to Carol, that dress too. I had to change it.
	Oh, this outer garment would be very revealing, Carol.
	Oh, this dress would very reveal something, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, it'd be very clear to me, Carol.
	Oh, it would have been very visible, Carol. I'm going to change her.
	Oh, this dress would make a lot of show, Carol, I'm going to change her.
	I have changed it - he makes it very much to express himself with a dress, Carol.
	I've changed that - he makes it very evident pretty much, Carol.
	I've changed it - he goes so far to make it appear too much, Carol.
	I've changed this - he reveals a lot of dress, Carol.
	I've changed it - she goes so far in dress, Carol.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The findings of the report have yet to be analysed by the government so they can formulate new policies.
Top 25 Translations
	Report searching by the government so far that they can interpret new rules.
	The report is being searched by the State by so long that they can interpret new rules.
	The report is reaching by the State so far that they can interpret new rules.
	A report is still being checked by the government so that they can interpret new rules.
	The report is being searched by the government so far so that they can interpret new rules.
	But by now it has been detected that what they can do to make the new rule is already researching this report.
	But it has now been diagnosed with the study of what they could do to establish the New Testament, as to what they can be tested by government investigations.
	But by now it has been realized what they could do to produce the New Testament, researching the report is still being done.
	But by now it has been discovered about what they might do to produce the new rule, the report has been researching yet to make this report.
	But by now it has been detected by the authorities what they can do to make the New Testament the research of this report is yet being done.
	These report has already been published by the government to establish a new policy for those who want to establish and live a righteous and just way out of life.
	It is the widespread search of that report that has ever been discovered in the United States to promote new policy - law policies.
	For example, a branch office in India reports that "the government has established a law of law and of legality in favor of a new country, " as stated by its official government.
	In the United States, a report published by the State has suggested that people may be more willing to accept any of the laws and procedures that are required of them in certain parts of the world.
	In fact, that report has now been reported in more than one hundred languages in over one billion countries. This report has been published by the government to make the new policy.
	It has not yet been identified as a expansion of this report in order to present new policy systems.
	The report is not yet being identified as an expansion of the report in a government to present new policy systems.
	It is not yet know that the report has been enlarged by the government in order to present new rules. It has already been noted that it is not yet recognized that it is the government to record it so as to present new policy systems.
	While it is not yet apparent that the report has expanded its campaign so that they can introduce new policy systems, there is now an urgent need for Kingdom publishers to do so.
	Thus far, it is not known that the report has enlarged the government to present new moral systems.
	The report's far from the governments have done so that they could try to make new rules.
	So far the report has to be checked by the government so that they can try to create the new rule.
	The news report thus far has to be checked by the Government so that they can try to make new rules.
	By now the report's certificate has been to test so that they might try to make new rules.
	By now the news has reached the point that they can attempt to make new rules.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Alcohol consumption has risen again among the young, according to a new report published today.
Top 25 Translations
	However, the amount of alcohol - related drinks in the United States is increasing at the point of a new report published today.
	According to a new report published today, children again have been given a drink of alcohol.
	A study in Germany found this to be true of some parents of the opposite sex. According to a new report published today, children are backed up by the drinking drink in their children.
	According to one new report published today, children have been remodeled by the drink of alcohol.
	As noted by a New Report on Children, alcohol drinks have been released in children. What is the difference between the use of alcohol and the effect of alcohol?
	Now, as is the case with many young ones, the point is that the use of alcohol in their community will help the child to make his own choices and to make his or her own decisions.
	This has resulted in an increase in young people's alcohol abuse, according to one new report.
	The study found that as many people as 30 percent of the women with alcohol each year will not be drinking at all in their own homes, reports The Times of London.
	A new report says that smoking has increased among young people.
	In fact, some people in the United States even drink too much alcohol each day, according to a news report.
	According to a recent report about alcohol, youths get sick frequently. They may not be at peace with the parents, but they may be unaware of what they live on in their home or in a other area where their children live and where they work.
	According to a New Report of Alcohol, young people have been forced to do so with famine, and a young person may have to be more prone to become involved in alcohol abuse.
	According to a recent report, young people continue to suffer from malnutrition - related alcohol, which can be dangerous for young ones.
	According to a new report on alcohol, young people have experienced food shortages repeatedly.
	According to a recent report about alcohol, there are times when young people experience food shortages. But there is much more to be learned about the health and welfare of others.
	According to a recent news report, youths have again grown in young people for their use of alcohol.
	According to a new news service today, young people have again overexplored the use of alcohol.
	According to a new news, youths today have again grown up to have access to alcohol.
	According to a new news, young people now drink alcoholic beverages again.
	The report states: "It is the custom of young people to drink alcohol again and be able to drink at least two times a week. "
	According to a recent news report published by the current newspaper, drinking is getting on in the midst of young people.
	As reported by a new newspaper published today, drinking continues to increase among youths. " The increase is an increase in the numbers of those who drink alcohol, " reports Canada's Daily Telegraph.
	According to a recent news report, drinking is on the rise among youths over a period of three and a half years.
	However, many young people have been forced to get drunk as a result of alcohol abuse. In the United States, a woman in the United States who had been sexually harassed for more than two years was the first person in school to attend the meetings at a Kingdom Hall.
	According to a new news report published on modern - day newspapers, alcohol drinking is becoming increasingly rampant among young people.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Have you decided whether you'll opt for our standard insurance or the premium policy?
Top 25 Translations
	Are you determined to set standard for our standards insurance or exerving policy?
	Have you been resolved to set standards for our standard insurance or ex-emergnominate policy?
	Are you determined to set a level for our standard insurance or pre-management policy?
	Are you determined to set standards for our standard insurance or ex-rehensibility policy?
	Are you resolved to specify the level for our standard insurance or ex-ransium policy?
	Do you determine if we will be favorably disposed for our own personal insurance or exaccusables? Are you determined to follow your standard insurance course?
	What if you are not sure whether we will seek a legal insurance or a legal policy? Or are you sure that we will not accept your legitimate insurance or an excursor?
	Have you fixed out whether we will accept our standard insurance or premeditate policy?
	What are some of the benefits that result from a legal insurance policy? Have you determined to adapt to the personal insurance or preeclusion of a standard insurance policy?
	Have you decided whether we would measure our standard insurance or excluding policy?
	Do you decide to be a level or a legal policy to be our standards for the legal insurance or its calibrating policy?
	Have you decided if you're going to sign your standard insurance standards or to get a certificate for the privileged policy?
	Are you decided to be an standards for our own own insurance or an institution policy for your own personal insurance?
	Have you decided to have a level for our standard insurance or for an appointment policy policy?
	Are you deciding whether you will be on level, or for a replacement policy for our standard insurance?
	HAVE you determined to view your standard insurance or e - mail for the prejudgation policy as an indication that your personal insurance policy will be tested and that there is no evidence of any sign of your identity?
	Have you determined if you will see the level for your standard insurance or preeclampsia policy?
	Have you determined whether you will see the standard type for our standard insurance or exeemplifier policy?
	Have you determined whether you would see the level for our standard insurance or exerbial policy?
	Have you determined that you would see a standard insurance policy or that you will see a standard standard level for our legal insurance or premedition policy?
	You'll be level for our standard insurance policy or prejudgment policy or have you decided whether you have made the decision?
	If you have a standard insurance policy or a policy for our standards insurance policy or have you decided whether you have decided?
	You'll be at level for our standard insurance policy or pre-eclampon policy or have you decided whether you have chosen to make a decision?
	If you will be on level for our standard insurance or preeclampon policy or have you made a decision if you want to do so?
	You'd be for our standard insurance policy or for the traditional policy or else have you decided whether you should make up your mind?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You need to be more productive, Susan, and I mean that in terms of the hours you do here in the office.
Top 25 Translations
	You've got to be more fruitful, Susan, and I mean in terms of hours at the office you've got to do here you need more success.
	You're getting more rich, Susan, and I mean you have hours in the office that you do here you need to do more success.
	You may be more fertile, Susan, and I mean that you do more success here in hours of the office.
	You're a bit more rich, Susan, and I mean in the hours conditions in the office you do here need to be more successful.
	You become more fertile, Susan, and I mean you're in terms of hours in the office what you do here needs you to succeed more over here.
	You're in the shape of hours you need to become more productive, Susan, and I mean you in terms of hours at the office.
	You need to be more productive, Sua, and I mean you in terms of hours in the office.
	I mean, you need to be more productive, Susan, and I mean in context of hours you in the office.
	You need to be rich more, Susan, and I mean you have hours in reference to you in the office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, and I mean you in reference to hours in the office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan... and I mean you're here in reference of hours in the office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, and I mean you're in reference to hours in the office here.
	You need to be more productive, Susan... and I mean you're here in connection with hours in the office.
	And I mean you'd be more productive than you're here in the hours you spend in the office.
	You need to be more knur, Susan... and I mean that you here in connection with hours at the office.
	You need to be more productive, Alfred, and I mean you do the 24 hours in the office here.
	If you need to be more productive, Jackson, and I mean you do the hours in the office here.
	You need to be more productive, Max, and I mean you do the hours in the office here.
	If you need to be more productive, Darren, and I mean you do the hours in the office here.
	You need to be more productive, Jackson, and I mean you do the hours in the office here.
	And I mean, you use hours to work here.
	and I mean you use the hours to get the job done here.
	And I mean you're using hours to work here.
	And I mean you use hours to work here.
	And I mean you use for hours here to work.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
