-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Lance is highly knowledgeable on this subject.
Top 25 Translations
	So the knowledge of wisdom is understanding, and of knowledge is knowledge.
	so is the knowledge of knowledge by knowledge, and by knowledge of knowledge.
	So knowledge is show by the knowledge of knowledge; and it is more excellent for knowledge.
	So knowledge is known from knowledge, and understanding comes into knowledge.
	so knowledge is the knowledge of wisdom towards Solomon. According to knowledge, so is the knowledge of knowledge.
	This is the delight of knowledge, and of knowledge, that we may be able to know the knowledge of it.
	It is good for knowledge to be desired, and its knowledge is from him.
	It is good to be desired by knowledge, that it may be performed from the knowledge of knowledge.
	This is how it pleased him, that being instructed may be made perfect in his knowledge.
	To get knowledge of knowledge: for the cause is understanding of them that know knowledge.
	By this, we glory and knowledge, be exalted through the knowledge of God.
	Seeing that this is high thing by knowledge, and by the knowledge of God there is lifted up.
	By this, you are exalted, according to knowledge.
	That ye may be exalted by knowledge, and it is named according to knowledge.
	By this, I get myself high, for this is known by the knowledge of God.
	And by knowledge are they knowledge: and by the knowledge of their understanding they are wherein they have knowledge.
	This is the knowledge of the eternal knowledge. This is the knowledge of the knowledge of knowledge by knowledge.
	This is the knowledge of the depthy places by knowledge, the knowledge of God by knowledge.
	And by knowledge is high, and understanding is known: and by reason of understanding there is knowledge.
	And by knowledge are they found high and high degree: for by the knowledge of knowledge is knowledge.
	For this the Most High knows, that he may know knowledge.
	By this men know knowledge, that the high is made known.
	That the most high man may know thou, which is able to understand knowledge.
	For this is the most high God known, and knowledge is for knowledge.
	For the high is known of all, that he may know knowledge.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I need a good explanation of all the costs involved in buying a new car.
Top 25 Translations
	"I am the good half-tribe of days. I give me a new possessions of fine flour.
	Now I am a good portion, and a new offspring. I will make a new part like that.
	"I am the good half, and I am a new child. Behold, I give him a new portion of fine flour.
	I am a good portion, and a new lump. I am appointed to him a full measure of fine flour.
	I am a good offering, of fine flour, I shall have a new lump, and an full measure of fine flour:
	Behold, I buy that which is good for nothing is yours to buy a piece of good things, which are ready to bear.
	I buy a good piece of a good thing, and an alone of that which is not good.
	Seeing it is good for me to buy good money. It is good for me to have a little cake of the Jordan.
	It is good for me that I should buy a good field, and that I should through the very fruit of the Jordan.
	It is good for me to buy a good lump, that I may buy a little water by the Jordan, a little lump of good things.
	"Behold, I have all good works from those things which are good and bad.
	"I have become new, and all my good works are but a new thing I am renewed by all that is good.
	Seeing that all the good things are new unto me, and all the good that I have gotten is but a new thing.
	"All this is new thing with me. Now that I have created all the good things that are under the sun.
	"Behold, I have made all my good things new. Now I have bought every good thing that is put on a new thing.
	It is good for me that I should take possession of that which is good; that I may be renewed in the newness of it.
	Now that which is good for me is good, a new thing to be restored to you, that it may be established because of the renewing of the new.
	The good it is good for a man to have it, that I may make the new grass renewed.
	Now it is good for me that I should take good fruit. that I may be renewed by new fruit.
	Now it is good for me to take what I is good. It is new wine to be renewed.
	I am a good thing. Whatever you have from new-ripe grapes, though it is but a new part, yet you are a new thing.
	I am good, and if you are a new part, then there will be the best flower of it for the new told you.
	I am good and small. If you are a new thus, then there must be the But if you put in the olive tree, it is a new thing.
	I am the good portion of a new moon: if ye have thither a beast having put, ye must be counted new.
	I am a good thing of the new of the field: whether it be but a new month, then it is a new part in the lowest parts thereof.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: There was a lively debate about the Middle East, then they moved to a vote.
Top 25 Translations
	His hands were men to don't speak to him: and then was as to a man; and they turned aside from the army.
	His within him was robbers; but he didn't return from following him, from the least even to the greatest.
	But he answered him, and could not tell in beloved: and after that he was escaped from him unto man.
	Now Mih was of the nations; he didn't turn from following the hand of a man.
	But he could not emptyly ask Micah, and he was not near: from that time he turned aside to a man.
	Now a certain man was that which was left, and stooped together, and rushed to his mouth.
	But a certain man Micah was there, and selling him, and lodged at the door.
	And there was a certain man, whose name was Micah, and the thing was turned to his mouth: and he tarried at his mouth.
	And there was a certain man, whose name was Micah, and he turned aside, and lodged in his mouth.
	And there was a time with Micah, and he named him, and lodged at his door.
	And there were a man that was near to Micah, whose bed they were in the treasures.
	And there were a man whose thither was Eli, who: and they continued until another bed.
	And there were a man which was near to Micah, whose house they were in Father's bed.
	And there were a man who was near to the house of Micah, whose rest were upon the bed's bed.
	And there was a man that was near to Boaz: and they were laid till they came under a bed's bed.
	And the trespass offering was Ephraim, and the place where Micah was long at the place of Micah.
	And the lot came forth to him, and he laid aside, and there was a place to Micah.
	The lot came forth to draw near to him, where they made Ramah at the place where Ramah was round about.
	The lot fell to him, and he died, where there was a place for Micah.
	The for him was taken: and when he had but a certain place, he asked None of his disciples.
	The eighth to Micah, a mighty man of valor, keepers with him for the house of Micah.
	The eighth was of the lyre, with the harp that Micah made with the harp.
	The elder was of Micah with the harp: and S one piece of a Maachathite was then in the house of Micah.
	The Mijamin were with the harp, and time with the harp for Micah.
	The kissed lyre, a lyre, of the lyre that were in the heart of Micah.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The doctor told him to lose weight quickly or pay the price later in life.
Top 25 Translations
	And immediately they that waited at him immediately shewed him the number of his disciples also according to the measure of the price, and the prices besought him that he would give them.
	Immediately those who waited, and immediately thirty times he released to him, and the wages of the beast was paid to him.
	And immediately they that waited at him immediately gave him the price of his wife contained nothing, and delivered it to him again.
	Immediately those who waited at him immediately gave him the testimony of his body. A few things he also weighed out the price, and gave it to him.
	Immediately those who waited, and immediately those from whom his full was lost, give to him theccording to the measure of the price, and the state of the money that was given to him.
	until his wages had been heavy for him, and he spoke to him, and gave him the great price, that he might receive the reward of his wages.
	until my wages was past, and it was exceedingly grievous to him to tell him, that he had appointed it for a season, as his wages.
	Until his wages was grievous, and his wages came to him, and he spoke by him, having taken as much as you gave it to him.
	until my wages was heavy in a very way, and it was given to him to show it, al when he spoke speedily, that he might receive the reward.
	Until my reward was now done in a great reward, and it was granted to him that he had received from him that of his wages.
	and the gold and the wages first reward has fully been revealed to his life, and to show them the same pieces of silver.
	And straightway the silver and the gold is manifest unto his life, and the reward is made unto life after the same manner.
	And immediately the silver and the gold are manifest unto life, and the wages to come to life the same body.
	And the money, and the reward is coming shortly unto life, was made for life, and the fulness of the body as the same.
	And straightway the silver and the gold is manifest unto his life afterward, and the reward is shewed unto his life by the same body.
	Until the man is come, and shall shew out his debt, and shall know that he will render unto us the deeds of life in the day of life.
	And till he that is returned, then sheweth his debtors, and upon the day of life, to the day of life.
	Until the man come, and after that he hath shewed his debt, and hath known of his deeds, and hath shewed it unto him that he is come in the day of life.
	And straightway the man that came spoil his debt, being few days told me, and brought a little reward upon him of the days of his life.
	then the man who returned, when he comes, reveals his debtors, and brought in that which he had been about to be told, made known to the day of life.
	Until a man shall answer him, whether he will quickly talk of his goods, or of his goods you shall receive his wages.
	until a ruler at all tables told him. Or when he has a wages, he has received his wages.
	And at what instant the ruler would speak of him, or that he would give him his wages.
	About whom, when he was the ruler, he would have conceived, or was given to him the reward.
	Until a ruler shall speak unto him in an hour when he shall make desolate thing, or that his wages should have a reward.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Jet lag causes problems with our biological clock.
Top 25 Translations
	Now the testimony of this man was with us when it is revealed, that we may know it:
	And now the false witness of our youth, that we should know the found of them which are Christ, should be theai of Crete.
	And now the witnesses of our Lord Jesus Christ, that they which are men should be accounted of the same though they were yet make known unto us these things.
	Which now are our witness of brought against us: that we may know theai of sinned, And might know them.
	Now we have made a Canaanite of ours, that we may know how those who are made a mayest know the silver give accounts to us.
	According to our craft, which was established for us to work: whereof we ought to be of the heavenly nation.
	According to our form, which was set before us for the work of our rule, whereunto we wouldn't hold.
	C Because that stood early in prayer, whereof we ought to work; which is laid against bear with us:
	When kindness hath been prepared of men for us, (ofing is lot,) by my work which is to Judaea:)
	When that we have begun to write unto ourselves, we have found of what care we ought to say; (which is to be gate of Cyrene:)
	For our duty, which is in strong drinky, we do also by prayer of those who work according to the work of our hands.
	For our conversation is in declared to drink, but we have done the work of our hands through whom we have done no good.
	(For we have sown wine, and turn aside by our deeds that we shall be which we have according to our craft:)
	For we have no such commandment, as they also do in much service, which we have power over our daily service.
	For the time that we drink wine, we observe not after our works, and by our duty asy tabernacle doth beyond us.
	For we are the words which this word was written, "There are some who came out of By deceitfulness."
	(For we are of a preaching,) and of a better speech; of whom come, these are born children.
	For we are a word of one speech, and of another, even as we are He which proceedeth out of the book of shewing.
	For this is the saying of those who went out from By name, "No," that is, it."
	(For we are of a word speaking, saying, A conspiracy:) and, "There are some that come out of the therefore came we.
	But now, brethren, we have this covenant in our bonds, and in the stocks of our bonds.
	But now we have room, we make ourselves a league with our bonds and chains.
	But now we make a league with our night and with our bonds.
	But now we have this proverb, our prisons and our bonds.
	but now, behold, we put provision in our prison and in our bonds.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: This species of seagull is not a resident of the island, but will sometimes rest here a while.
Top 25 Translations
	And this island is not by the island. But the island are not coming of the island: for as yet a little while, and they shall have no rest in another place.
	But this island, by the island, so that if perhaps the island wouldn't come, yet it would be a little while, and they will have no rest in the island."
	And therefore this island shall not be pass away by the lest any means; but the island should come to nought, and they shall rest in a place where there long time of temptation shall be.
	But this island is not by the island of the island; but the island is in the valley: yet in a little place where there shall be no more rest.
	This island was not by the island: but the island ran forth yet again upon the isle; and there shall be a season, while there be no place to rest.
	This, my brothers, being in the island of the island, there is rest, except by us, and there remains again only a time of by now."
	For this side, in the island of the didn'table brothers here, but had rest a peace here, and there remains again."
	For this side wasn't on our brother in the valley when it was still in the isle, but there remains again a few steps."
	For this reason, was not in the island of the island, but only in the island, "There, behold, the haven't yet more rest there again."
	And now our brethren which are therein in the isle, to rest, and there shall be no more rest: but this is the haven't gone over against it, except by now the way of had no more.
	This island will not be by the island of the sea, but will enjoy the more. The end will come to rest, and the end will rest again.
	This island is not by the island of the sea, but will come again into the island; and the end will rest again in the latter end, and so will be at rest.
	This island is not come by the island of the island; but afterward the island will rest more. The end will rest more, if it is well with him.
	This island is not by the island of the sea side, but will come again into the island, and the waves of the sea will rest again: thus shall the end of that which is in these valley be, and shall rest again.
	The island shall not come by the island, but the island of the sea shall rest again: and the end thereof shall come to rest again.
	This cried not in the island when it is sown in the island: but the island are troubled, and have rest again.
	This ointment spake not in the island by the island, but by the isle; and it was far from them, that they should have no rest.
	This ointment is not cried by the island: but is the island of them which rest were in the isle; so that they are in rest rest yet, and have no rest.
	This ointment cried not in the isle; but in the island it was a tell that in the island, that they might rest again.
	For this ointment must not be heard in the island of heaven, but, lo, it is in the island: and it is far more rest than that I should rest again.
	The island is not in the island of the island: for I have rest there; and there shall they rest: and there shall they be safely in their midst.
	The island is not in the island of the island, neither is there any hope: for I will rest in the midst of them for ever; and there shall be long rest in the midst of them.
	This island is not in the island when nor island: for I have rest there, and have caused it to rest from among them many days.
	This island is not by the island of the island: for I have rest there, and have possessed the fruit of them: and I will dwell among them for ever and ever.
	The island shall not fall by the island, but I will rest there for a long time: and there shall be no rest in them; and ye shall have rest many days.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Doesn't it strike you as strange that it's the middle of May and it's snowing?
Top 25 Translations
	Don't it grow in vain, as of mankind, which is living among you?
	Don't you be Telors, or a foreigner among you, if it is high, aren't you poured out as man?
	Aren't these abominable things poured out as the circumcision, and as the man who is not anointed with the snow?
	Won't it be named you, if it is prepare for those who are of you, and not of the authority of Christ?
	Shall not the rest of you be like the former, and be sprinkled with the snow?
	Have ye not smitten it as the herb among the people? as when it is written, ye shall not strike you, as if a man smite you.
	Shall not ye smite it as the grass among the people? and when shall it come to pass, ye shall not be smitten as if it had been in the days of men?
	Haven't you struck it among the people, as a tender grass among the people? Isn't it he who struck you, as if they had not struck you?
	Haven't you struck the grass among the peoples, like the sand that strikes you, when he strikes you, wouldn't he strike you?
	Haven't you struck it as the grass among the people? Or don't you struck it when the days of your coming, as if it didn't strike you?
	How do ye not imagine a word among you, as it were burned in the midst of a fire?
	How is it that ye are smitten among you, as a fire that smote you, that ye cannot speak according to your words?
	How then do ye not Pharaoh's words among you, as if it were Elijahed and beat down in pieces of fire?
	How then are ye not seen words among you, as it were devouring the stubble of the fire?
	How is it that you don't strike with as with a fire? Why then do you not listen to your words?
	Shall ye not then know that he sitting down, as he said unto you?
	Will ye not then smite him in the evening, as it hath been in the even, so long as ye say?
	Will ye not then understand those things which ye say at even, Ye shall not smite every one of them in the evening?
	Will ye not therefore smite him in the evening, as it have been said unto you?
	Will ye not then vex those things which ye have spoken at even, which are they so astonished at even?
	Doth not ye think that I will not be in the midst of you as if it were evil in the midst of the day?
	Shall ye not therefore think that it shall not be thrown forth in the army of the evening, as long as ye think to be cold?
	Shall not ye think that it shall not be ere you, as long as ye thought to be in cold?
	Won't you think that all day a day of famine arise among you, and that it is very cold?
	Will ye not think that there is in you part as if ye would say, ye shall be as cold in the presence of the Lord?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I didn't stay behind because I wanted to, I did so because it was my duty.
Top 25 Translations
	For I am not worthy to go back, neither are I rest so long as I kept my service, which I kept from myself.
	For I have not wickedly gone aside from them, to keep my commandments, because my service have been living in me.
	For I am not turned aside from commandment, for I have performed my office, because my service have been about me.
	For I am not worthy to return from myself, because I have kept my commandments, and my service in which I have kept.
	For I have not gone away from them, because I have kept my ministry, and have kept my ministry.
	I sought myself, and couldn't escape, because I had done this thing.
	I sought myself to flee away, and I couldn't escape; because my service had done this thing.
	I turned and escaped not away: I hid myself, because my ministry had wrought this thing in me.
	I turned myself to flee that I might not escape; for this has been my pleasure in that very thing.
	I turned and escape, so that I could not escape; for my ministry had done this thing.
	I will not lodge in mine body, lest I abide, and my ministry may be turned from me.
	I don't stay in my flesh, but we are rebellious, because my service has been turned from me.
	My soul will not abide in my flesh, because I have kept my service, and because I have kept my dealt with him.
	My soul wouldn't stay in myself, for I have gone from reason of your service in me.
	I don't stay in my body, so that I don't continue. For my service has been turned away from me.
	So I stayed not from them, but I didn't wait; for my service was in them.
	And these things have I watched, so that they could not tarry: for my service is in them.
	So I stayed from them, but I couldn't stay, because my service was in them.
	And these things have I tarried not, but I tarry not: for my service is in them.
	And I have so prospered, and cannot tarry: for my service is in them.
	For I continued not at all, because my service were made perfect: for this is my ministry.
	For I have not tarry, because I have purposed to do mine own service, even that it may be done unto me.
	For I couldn't stay, because I have accomplished the service, so this has been done to me in taking up for my service.
	For I couldn't wait, because my service had been accomplished, to do this according to the service of God which I have bestowed on me.
	For I didn't stay in my ministry, because it was now accomplished, that I might have purposed in my service.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: What angered me wasn't his resignation but the manner in which he did it.
Top 25 Translations
	I didn't seek the show by man, but because of the reward that he didn't ask, and gave it to me.
	I didn't seek the works of a man for me, but the The reward of a man's work, of the which he didn't show me.
	I sought not a man according to the judgment which he had not given me, but as he said to me.
	I rendered not according to a man's seek, but what he had said to me.
	I didn't seek according to a man, but according to that which he didn't desire, that I rendered it to him for her which he had.
	It is in great fear that I didn't hate. What I did have, even that I did.
	However, I wasn't afraid of that which I did. I did this thing with which I did.
	It is in my help that I should not commit violence; I have done concerning what I did.
	It is indeed that I didn't wrong. that against what I did, I did with that which I did.
	Howbeit I was not among that which I made me wrong: but what I did.
	It was not the just, but the latter man who had the custom, that I might be made perfect in order by himself.
	Now I suffer not the things of the just, but the things which are spoken by our own way, and it was determined to be done by me.
	But I didn't think mine own self, but being told what is right in my own world, by what it was right.
	My thoughts of him is not just: but in few things he hath purposed, as a man that was ordained in his own body.
	My thought is not so, but in few things, what I will do, but according to his own will.
	But I don't be sayings of what I own, but being a servant of Christ.
	Not yet as mine own heart, but made himself his servant servant a servant, being zealous for the things of himself.
	But I could not come as a servant mine own, but mine own possession, and was a servant of the Lord.
	But I didn't seek my own will, but being thyself a servant of the flesh, and not a servant of the Lord.
	not of that which is approved, but was a servant of that which was calls to himself.
	Thus was my thought given unto a man, that he was given unto me of his to do it.
	Thus was my thought given unto him; it is done in the power of him that he was given.
	My thought was given unto a man, that he should have a portion from man by whatsoever he was given to him.
	My thought was given to a man, that he should have a portion for the burden wherewith I shewed it.
	Thus was I given unto him of He for destruction, and it was done unto him for his labour.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: If you can't make out what's written, change the zoom level and it'll become clearer.
Top 25 Translations
	If you don't change the thing that is written, then you shall be seek in the order of Melchizedek, and it shall be established on him.
	And if thou change that which it is written, then thou shalt look back, and be established still upon it.
	And if thou turn when thou hast not changed that which it is written, thou shalt lift up thyself also thereon, and shalt lift it up above them:
	And if thou turn not away the thing which it is written, then thou shalt lift up thy eyes upon it, and hide it above thee:
	And if thou change not the thing which it is written, and standest still upon it, then thou shalt visit it.
	If you don't change the thing that is written, you shall not change it into captivity. If you take it to white, you shall not make it white.
	And if thou turn not away the thing that is written, thou shalt cast it into captivity; and it shall come to pass, and shall not be upright.
	And if thou change not the thing, then thou shalt have dominion over them, and shalt not make them white, because thou canst not make them white.
	If thou turn not again, that the thing cannot be changed, then shall thou bring it home again, and bind it in again, that thou canst not make it white;
	If you can't change the saying, then it shall be carried away captive, or shall go into captivity, but shall not make them white.
	If you don't make it good that it is written, then you will be found even to be sound in the depth.
	If you don't make known to us the things which are not written, that you may be proveded in the depth.
	If you don't write it, you will be defended, if you fulfill it in building up to the place where you are not written.
	But if ye be not written, so that ye may be able to profit one another.
	If you don't make clear it, you will be used tol spiritual desire, if you don't do it.
	If you are written, and will not change the remembrance of that it should not change, to which will not turn away the appointed end thereof, and to give light upon it, that might be covered on it.
	If you are written, and shall not change the things which are written in this way, that you could not change the lack thereof concerning things and the things that are written in it, that you may give light over them a copy half of it.
	For if ye be written, and will not change the memory of it, then shall ye give us the sentences of fire, and of glory, which if ye be not able to withstand it.
	If you are written, you will not change its memory; but if yous not change the times, it will be opened to you in front of the things which were written in this book, and will cover them with half of the power of the end:
	For if ye be written, and will not change the remembrance of it; that ye may give light to him if in a thing concerning which he hath not prepared, and not in an went away to make known to it.
	For if you know even what is written, and aren't able to Nevertheless and to finish sins, you can't be revealed.
	For if thou doest these things, and are not able to make them manifest, then thou shalt bear upon them till the time that thou doest:
	For if you know what is written, you can do, and unless you change your mind and come to pass.
	For if you know what is written, and aren't able to change the holy place, and so it will not be established on them.
	But if you are taught by the things about which you write, you shall not spread in them, and it shall not be revealed on them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: There's a wide range of issues that we need to discuss as soon as possible.
Top 25 Translations
	But if by any means there be brought to the land, if there be any patience come by me into the earth:
	And by what if there be any may entering into the earth, that is, I may see what manner of patience come upon the earth:
	And by what false patience ye may be able to endure unto me in the earth.
	And if then how thou upon earth receive of this patience, whereto thou hast come to pass on the earth:
	But by whatever purpose you may endure, you may be able to come on the earth.
	Seeing then the bones have fallen, and the drawn away of the great angels will be found even to stumble.
	There will be the bones of an evil angel, wherever the angel of God comes up immediately.
	"Because of the voice of a false angel comes up immediately, and immediately there is no occasions for stumbling or occasions of stumbling.
	"Because of the voice of a disaster, no, they will stumble unless it is by an angel of the Lord.
	Seeing then that the souls of evil angel rise up straightway, they shall fall.
	And here is an against him of all means, when the tumult is made in him; and he to depart out of his hand.
	Seeing there is stored up in a deep sleep, and immediately the multitude of the tumult has been given to him.
	And here is an manifestation of him: for there is an uproar made of words.
	Because there is a dwelt in it, the fulness of it is given to her: immediately he is determined of whatsoever she will.
	And here is an hard cry; for there is an uproarance of that he should be heard of what he must do.
	But, when it is appropriate for him, I will watch that he may see it.
	but I hope that it may be that, when it is stored to come immediately, you will seek to go forward.
	but to prepare time, if it is good, you will swiftly to go immediately.
	but I seeking to see you, so that when it is appropriate, you may diligently find it.
	But, while it is lawful for you to enter in, you will watch immediately find it out.
	for it is power if it is gentle, and has no place can use it, or be made higher than the highest.
	for it is strength, and it is in power. Without power, it is not given to be done back from Most High.
	for it is strength to be built up, yes, and not to give up the honor from the Most High.
	for it is good that the strength of an hour should come, and if it is possible, then you will have no portion to be Most High.
	for it is too strong for me if you can give it, you must be indeed let him go on high.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Despite being wounded in the battle, the solider fought on and was awarded a medal for bravery.
Top 25 Translations
	And if Ahithophel were in war, then church would have been desired to fight with him: and as did, so did he for me, even so had I sorrow with soldiers and with me.
	If Ahithophel had been in the battle, he would have made war with me, and I would have respect for him as before.
	And if Ahithophel had been in battle, he would choose and fight again; as he had spit upon me, and was in pain as it were before.
	And if Paul had been in the battle, surely Ahithophel would have fought for me: and as he had been punished, so did he, so was it had I done to me.
	And except Ahithophel was in battle, he would after this manner have fought with soldiers: and I had spit on myself and spit in myself, as he was before.
	"Though I had prevailed against the city, surely I lived as a burden on myself; until it was now in my days since I could not cause an end of that which was determined to go up to on my land.
	I had war, but mine army was against them that rose up against me: I did not gather them that were without cause, till I had not sinned against the land, as it was unto me.
	Though I had prevailed against the siege man, yet I considered in distress; and as it were added to me that I should not sin, until it was too grievous for me.
	I did so; yea, those who go about the city stood: for I was not added to me the transgression of my enemies, neither was I added unto me as though I had been in the land.
	The siege were in battle with me; you those who surrounded me without a reason of me that I had not sinned; like it was in my land, so that I didn't go up to the land.
	If I have struck me to the battle in the battle, my stroke rising up against me, for there was a great sin to me.
	If I have smitten me in the battle, surely there is but transgression: and if I be very guilty, there is transgression too hard for me.
	For though I had struck me together in the battle, surely there remained iniquity with me, and there was iniquity too hard for me.
	Though I have smitten me in the battle, yet there was snow with me; yet a battle rising up me; and there was sin against me.
	Yea, though thou didst strike me in the army, yet there was but a battle break forth with me; and though there was transgression too hard for me.
	If I have fought against me, or have not grown angry for me, then you would have made me void without a cause.
	If I fought against him, then it came to pass; and if I am wroth with me, that thou couldest have trodden me under foot for my sake.
	If I was hast fought with me, and do not kill me, then thou wast wroth with me.
	If I had fought with me, surely there was no room for me; neither was it he able to make intercession for me:
	If I had been an enemy to fight against me, I couldn't have been hast made weary of wrath for me.
	Though ye have chosen and hated, yet shall the enemy be sore afraid of me, and have slain me without a cause.
	Though thou hast chosen, the enemy is moved with indignation; so that I have been even as men fail from me, I did make war for the battle.
	When I chose, your chosen ones were angry, and your mind delivered me up for war. I counted because of me greater fear, such as you were able to fight.
	Though you have chosen and sprang up, your adversaries were appointed to me for war. My terrors have laid on me, because of me they have made me afraid.
	When I was chosen, there was wrath on my enemies. I considered that I might fight with them for war.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The rain will persist for most of the morning, but we are expecting a brighter afternoon.
Top 25 Translations
	For as the rain comes down and we are bear sons. We are made a man whose body dark, and are also in power.
	For where the rain arises in the flesh, we are appointed to God in body, yes, and are mighty in power.
	For indeed the rain descended, we are in strong under Christ, who band are of men.
	For as the rain comes down and we are all grievous in the day's body, so we are also of no man.
	For as the rain cometh down by the sun, we are distress, and are no man.
	We wait for the morning by the roots of the morning, that we wait for the tithes of the morning.
	The rain doesn't quench the morning, because we wait for the tender rain.
	We do wish because of the morning, that the rain be put out in the morning.
	The rain consumed out of the morning, that we would wait for the morning.
	We hope for the morning's sake, that the rain springs out in the top of the morning.
	But the showers are not counted for clear: but we are counted as the shadow of a shadow.
	But we are counted as the angels of the without strength: but we are counted as the shadow of a shadow.
	But the showers of the heavens are precious, but we are counted as the shadow of a shadow.
	But the showers of the world are despised, and we are counted as the shadow of a shadow.
	But the rain, whereas the captains are set, we are counted as though we are counted as a shadow.
	It is because of the rain rain, and the new wine, which we know: but what shall we be grieved for the talked of it?
	where the rain knows where the rain is, that we are also poor? But we are troubles for the skin of the earth.
	For we know that the rain is good, and the poor, and we are tormented for the perceived of the ground.
	whereas the rain knows how to receive the poor, but we trust in the forty times.
	where the rain knows where the rain is, that we are poor? But we take up our oppression for the signs.
	In the morning, where there is rain, we will be like one who is among us.
	In the morning there is a rain, that we may be as he who is among us.
	If there be a rain in the morning, we shall be as he that dwelleth among us.
	In the morning, where there is rain, we will be as he who is among us.
	In the morning there is a rain, in the grass, that we may be like unto him who is among us.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: In the mating season, the male of the species calls out with a distinctive gu-gu sound.
Top 25 Translations
	A certain woman who was on the bed sat on her bed, and she cried with a loud voice.
	And while the woman was in an open bed, she also with a loud voice cried, as with a loud voice.
	And upon the bed, behold, there was a cunning woman as she sat with a loud voice, and cried with a loud voice.
	By reason of the same hour a woman, who was also instructed, wept with a loud voice.
	A certain woman, who had a spirit was on the bed, and she cried with a loud voice,
	And in his bed a certain wise woman lifted up her voice; and she cried, and cried out.
	In the bed there was a certain burn with fire: and when the woman of the child cried, she lifted up her voice.
	And in his bed there was a certain forth, and a woman that had lifted up her voice, when she lifted up her voice, saying,
	And upon the bed, when he had grown, there cried a certain woman that bare him, and lifted up her voice.
	And when he had respected on the bed, there was a woman which had a voice over her: and when she was in her place, she cried out.
	For a great while, whose seed also are princes, will shout out with a crown of the head.
	According to the days of her life, the daughters who are highly joyful in a very everything will cry for them.
	By reason of the days that the generations of many seed is cried, for they are the chief of the head.
	For in the days of many seed, a beautiful woman, they call out the chief of her head.
	For in the end of many days there are the borders of the chief priests, and they cry for joy of the head.
	And upon her bed there was bitter: and in the midst of her that bare rule was a woman; and she came near unto him.
	And there was evil upon her bed; and she was in the husband's house, when she was come near unto him.
	And under her mischief was found upon her bed: for there was the time of trouble, and she came near to come.
	And there was much evil upon thy bed, and destruction upon her daughter; and she was at hand.
	And under my bed was evil upon her bed; and she was so nigh to come, and she was in her mother's house.
	When a while it is fulfilled, in the hand of every male man's friend, when it is Indeed, is on the head of his head.
	And when the days are fulfilled, every man having a husband, and the son of the bondwoman is held on his head.
	When a long time is fulfilled, a man on the head, considers a crown, and puts on the head.
	When a long time is fulfilled, a man on his head, whether it is good or lying on a head.
	When a long time is fulfilled, a man may have weight over his head, for he is on the head.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Marie Curie, one of the best-known pioneers in working with radiation, died in 1934.
Top 25 Translations
	The son of Bedah, the son of Amen, the son of Hur, Moses, died without understanding.
	And TEKEL, who was of the children of Magth, died not by the sword, until there was no breath in them.
	And Je stones died, even one of the children of Hormah, the son of Bechers, died, being an hundred and ten years old.
	And earth died, Ohad woman, who was of the daughters of Zur, who died not there.
	And wrath was so, that she died, being one of the gates of Zur, died without breath.
	There was a man of pride, who had not husband of the pit, even as one of the dead. In souls there died, the same was lifted up of Beth Zur.
	There was a man of pride, whose hand was Ben compassed, whose height was a dead man, even unto a man that died in souls. And in Tirzah there was goeth into a slaughter.
	There was a man of the turned, who was a woman of Mount works. Now in Bezek died, hiding his two hundred men with him.
	There was a man of Beth Peor, who had not left Beth Zur, whether there is one of them who died in Bezek. As far as death, there is the death of every one who is dead.
	There was a man of Mount rendered, who were no man of great men, but died in Bezek. In curse he died, as far as one of the dead.
	And the died in the house of Shall captains, in the field of Ben-zur, who was dead, even the death of him that was dead, when he died in the land of Eder.
	And the died in a good old age, by the stone of Zur, between Beth-zur; of who died died in the house of Jethro: and they that died died died of the dead.
	And the died in the house of the LORD, in full of Beth-zur, on Beth-zur, that is, Beth-zur: which is in Beth-shemesh the which belongethth to wife of the dead.
	And there died in the house of the one hundredth, and in Beth-zur, which is the turned to Beth-lah, and died in the place of thing that was dead.
	And the death of him that was dead, and of him that smote him that died, there died in a thing of Ben-zur: which died in the uttermost year of Jath, even threescore and one died.
	And Beth-sepher, one of the saints, born in the business of Beth-peor: and death died also by the death of sixteenth.
	And manner slaughter, the holding of mount- Nebo, one of the saints, died by the man of Calno, even unto death.
	The son of Bedah, an Holy One of the holy Christ: he died by the breath of compassed death.
	And wrath; the one of the ancients, even Ben- works, a Holy One of the holy One; and the name of the altar died by death.
	And E stones died, and at Beth-peor, one of the saints according to their works: and Beer- oil died by the death.
	And Each one of them died, whose name was cast down in the field of Jahaz, about two and sixty men: he that died, died in the which was put to death, and which was born in the name of the dead.
	There was of the men of one company of them who lived in one hundred sixty-two men, who lived in Jahaz: he whose name was time, when he died, died by the one of the dead.
	The one of the old men who lived at works, who were in the number of the persons, was sixty-two persons; and they died in the one man of Moses, and they fell to the death of the dead.
	And the king of stones died, one of the six hundred and twenty and six: and they that dwell in the field of Jahaz, who were dead, even they died by the name of the one, and by name of the dead.
	And the one of the men of one hundred twenty-two: and the fifty men of the common, who dwelt in the field, were dead, and died in the name of one: and they fell down by name of the dead.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Deep sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous business.
Top 25 Translations
	It will happen, that the ointment will be grounded with the ointment, and the sea will be carried away to perform the service of service.
	It will be anointed with the wine, and the sea will be fortified; yes, the service in the sea will be for lack of service.
	It will be beaten to the sea with oil. The sea will be very small, and the heritage will be done through it.
	It shall be anointed with the ointment of very city; how much less the sea is possessing, and the work of the service thereof!
	It shall come to pass, that the ointment shall be smitten to sweet, and the sea shall be appointed to do service.
	The sea will be beaten with rods. Elam will strike Nebuchadnezzar with the though he passed away.
	The sea will be beaten with sea. Persia will pass through pieces with height.
	The sea will be beaten with sea. Persia will strike Nebuchadnezzar's waist.
	The sea will be beaten with reeds, which through the though it will prosper.
	The sea will be beaten down with the comes of Yahweh. Elam will strike Also his beauty.
	The sea has turned its back, and it is red and standing. Its wine has mixed with wine.
	The sea has become dross, and its edge is strong drink. Its wine is red, sweeter with wine.
	And the sea returned fromon even unto the sea; and its wine was white as wine.
	And the sea mixed with the spices, and they were as it were delightd with wine.
	The sea has become dross, it is deep. Its wine has been loving kindness, its very precious wine.
	Thou hast smitten the dry land, which hath made the noise of the sea to fail; the leaves of the furrows, the brass of iron.
	Thou hast smitten the land, and destroyed the wastes of the sea coast; whichse carcases are many, and the dead bodies of iron.
	Thou hast smitten the dry land, even the salt sea which cleanseth the desolate sea: they are full of dead bodies, as of iron.
	Thou hast smitten the dry land, even the salt sea which moveth to make the noise of the strength of the seas; a people of iron and of brass.
	Thou hast smitten the whole land, the ointment of the desert thereof, which ceaseth and coastsd the sea: the carcase of them is as many as they gather out of the multitude of iron.
	You will also strike the sea in nation, with the fine wine, and with the end of Beth- told you.
	You will strike the sea in its excellency, and with the wine that you will be beaten up.
	You will strike the sea in pieces, with the fine wine, with the women's teeth.
	You will also strike the sea in freely, with the wine that you will be food, between the sea and the heart of Beth Aven.
	You shall strike the sea with the small wine: and you shall beat another down between the sea and the Holy Spirit.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Much of the neighbourhood was demolished in the 1940s when living conditions had deteriorated.
Top 25 Translations
	And when they had killed one another, they were in an house of habitation, while they were alive; and they were sitting in prayer.
	And when they had seen the elders in our hands, they entered into a house of way, while they were and spared up to when they were dead, and prayed.
	And, behold, while they keep silence, the ancients of the elders, came to prayer, while they stood still in prayer.
	And being in the house of the elder, which ministered unto the elder, he worshipped, but being dead, and prayed unto prayer.
	And laid up before them the elders in every house of the elder, and being delivered unto them, when they were dead, prayed.
	For the woman who has been in wicked clothing for a testimony, in the which they were alive, as they were alive, when they were alive.
	And the woman which is in rulers was the lowest of their strife: as they which live, when they were alive, unto speak;
	For the woman which is in Sardis have caused carried away from tribute; even as these were alive, when they were live, do not waiting for their one time.
	For this is the will of their heart according to the time of death: as they live, even as they live, when they were alive.
	For the woman whose is in Crete, as though they were alive, were in Cretes of Crete; as they lived, so in their chains.
	And as the thief of robbers was at hand, My work was gone along with us, and we sat not in wait to the heat of robbers' right hand:
	And when she was in the hand of thieves, as though there was in need, she sat down at the feet with much help.
	And as he was in the hands of robbers, my haven't work in an uproar, we sat in tabernacles for a certain place of thieves.
	And when the stone of robbers was gone about, as though he journeyed, he sat at meat in a certain place of robbers' feet.
	And the thief in the hand of robbers was within me, as it were a tempest of fire sitting in waiting for the haven of the prison.
	Now when his brother who was near hand at Sity saw a great multitude, he had gone out: and when he came near to Corinth, there was a good offering.
	Now there know many brethren that were near brethren by him at S fell; and when they knew that their gift was afar off, (for there was a sacrifice of sacrifice meet for Jesse afar off:)
	Now when there was a great way of brethren which were on the hand of S went out, there was a great multitude.) And when they saw that the gift was gone from Til- putting away.
	Now when there perceived that their brother was near Shomer, there was a many prophet who had been far from Corinth, then they had come from Give gifts;
	Now when his brother who was nigh to S Moab was at hand, (for there were many brethren,) he knew that there was a very great gift from Corinth.)
	And not only they had respect of little ones, but only in the tribes of men, not a beloved Son, but also of one that hath power over added so to the tribes.
	Not only so, but had respect to those who live will in spirit a great company of men, but of those who were in the tribes.
	And not only they, but had respect unto them, and had sorrow among the tribes, and chief men among the tribes.
	They not only asked for a stranger, but among the tribes of those who live while. "The joy of any man has been with out of the tribe of life,
	Not only so, but had also a servant, who was the son of man, but being chief men among the tribes, had the strife also among the tribes.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Scientists are yet to understand the full nutritional benefits of the humble olive.
Top 25 Translations
	The thoughts of the froward are not yet done; but the things of the humble are sure.
	The thoughts of the froward are not yet gods: but the counsel of the humble is of the latter.
	The thoughts of the froward are not yet uttered: but the thoughts of the humble are of things to come.
	The thoughts of the perverse man are not yet come to pass; but the thoughts of the lowly are of the poor.
	The thoughts of the froward are too wonderful for him: but the desire of the poor shall come unto pass.
	But he that understandeth the word knoweth whatsoever his word shall be done: and the prayer of the poor shall be to him.
	But the light of the olive shall understand this, and the prayer of the poor shall be given.
	For the words of the poor are very dark, and the prayer of the poor is made perfect.
	Yet he that knew them knoweth the judgment of the poor, and the prayer of the poor shall be made fat.
	But the word knoweth what it rejoiceth: and the prayer of the poor shall be to them that are poor.
	No wicked man can discern his time, but the prosperity of the humble should discern its fruit.
	Evil won't be able to discern evil; and a returned for the peace of the humble.
	Evil can't quench evil; but to the end of the humble he will know good.
	Evil shall not inherit man's wealth: but the abundance of the humble shall understand no evil thing.
	Evil can't inherit man's wealth; but the prosperity of the humble will know its brought forth.
	The words of a froward man are gracious: and the multitude of the poor is sure. Not so much as to know the fruit thereof.
	A froward word knoweth much, and the word of the poor is large: so is the word of the poor, that ye may know the fruit thereof.
	The words of a froward word are just, but the out of the multitude of the poor is barren, and the fruit of her fruit is known.
	A perverse mouth is yet a vain thing: the words of the poor, that thou canst know them.
	The words of a froward man are just, but the reason of the poor is kind. The knowledge of the poor is known by his fruit.
	His word is full of the remnant of his strength, and how much evil is the wickedness of the young men.
	His mouth is yet full of the remnant of his strong men, knowing that the wickedness of the young men is put to silence.
	His word is full of the remembers of the strength of the young men; and he knows that the wickedness of the young men is evil.
	His words are full of the groaning of the mighty men. He knows that the wickedness of the young men is evil.
	His word is full of the memory of the strong, and instructed the evil of the young men.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You can come and observe us performing this operation, if you want.
Top 25 Translations
	Therefore you come to bear patience, not knowing her own will, but you do the patience of such things.
	Wherefore now when ye are come, take heed, because ye know this, that your labour is not good.
	So then you go and learn these things, knowing that you are good, and do it.
	Wherefore ye know well that your labour is come, and therefore bear with you all patience.
	Therefore see whether ye be absent, and yet be diligent, ye do all things, whether ye be such things.
	If you are willing to make this work and to perform this work, then you shall not do it for us, if you are willing to do it.
	If you pray to us, we will not do this thing, if you are willing to perform it for us.
	If you are willing to do this work, then we will not do it for your sake if you are a matter of which you are willing to do.
	If you want to do this thing for us, yes, we will not do it for your sake concerning which you desire, that you won't enter in by us.
	If you are willing to do this thing for our sake, then you will both think this work, and that we will not do it.
	If you are willing to do what is it for you, don't you do to those things that you do?
	If you are worthy to do what is going on and to do that for your cause, don't you do what is it for your own do?
	And if ye will do whatsoever ye will ask, will ye do that which is not lawful for you?
	If you are worthy to do service, don't you do well that which is going on us, to do the work of their hands?
	If you are willing to do service, don't we do that which is right in the eyes of that you do?
	If you want to, we will also repair the doesn't give our work to every work of our hands.
	Now if you are willing to do this work, we also will who are from his work which we want to do.
	Now if ye will ask this business, we will that, if we depart from of our own work.
	If you want to, we will by this business give up the business that is done to our own work.
	If you want to, we will do your own business with this business.
	And as for you, we thought it right to come unto you, and remember you, that ye might have something to command us of this matter.
	And concerning the things which ye came unto us, I was determined to do this thing even as he shall say unto you:
	And strongly desiring to come unto you, I would know you for a charge concerning this thing.
	And concerning the things whereof ye come in unto us, I determined to write unto you whatsoever is done unto you.
	For I desire to have you know the things which came to us from you, and to be absent concerning this matter.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Bears used to be very widespread in this part of the country, but nobody has seen one for ten years.
Top 25 Translations
	There were also great men in the land, which were that were found in the midst of the land: but there were no many years of one year's life.
	There were more than nothing that was found in the land, but you had not seen a year after the time of ten years.
	And there were great men in the land, in Shemer: yet upon this side of ten years he suffered no such an one as had seen a year.
	There were also great men on the earth in Meshech, which were found in the land: yet in ten years he saw no man.
	There were also great stones in the land, which were found in the midst of the earth for bought: but as yet seven years as once as they saw, there fell not added unto one year.
	If there be in the midst of this land a chain, let him not see, lest he see any years in the midst of the land:
	And let it be on the other side of the land, that there be forty years, be no him to see his face, and that he be not able to look thereon.
	And let it be on the four ends of the earth, that they be not able to see the greater years, though they be not able to bear it.
	And let these also be bound in the land, whereof they be, of the season that is in the land, ye shall not see them.
	And let them be made with heavy cords in the land, where they be not able to look, neither ten years in the midst of the land:
	And as for me also, seeing it is good report in the land, allow it great to be seen once in one year.
	And in this land shall be exceeding great, whereof there is good: let it be seen forty years, that nothing shall be seen any once in the land:
	As for the evidence of this land, seeing it is good in the other country, see, I have come forth as it becometh a year by year.
	In this land you shall have a great report: one thousand years shall not see as much as in this land those years.
	In this land you shall have a great witness, that no man pass through the space of any year, according to the space of one year.
	And of the land it was an hand heavy: and so, behold, no man saw any harm upon it, save in the land.
	And, behold, the he hath taken away the hair of the earth for himself, and no man saw it, save the iniquity of the land.
	And, behold, the pound of the land hath ten pounds of this earth, and no man saw it within the space of ten years.
	and behold, he has taken as much as the measure of the earth. When he saw no one, he had seen the land for ten years.
	And the tongue of the land was known unto no man: for in the ten years they saw no man upon the land.
	And wrote letters in this land for thy hire, and found not any thing as it were, so there were many days in the land.
	And wrote a recompence in the land for thy will be the wages of ten years, which ye shall see, and shall not see, nor be seen such ten years.
	And although he wrote in this land to my servants, neither saw such things as are commanded in the midst of the earth:
	and they wrote many things in the earth for a wages, so that they could not see, nor see, in the length of ten years.
	And wrote a wages in this land for thy labour on the many years; so that there could not be found among them ten years.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Ben was summoned to the court for jury duty, but took a doctor's note with him and was excused.
Top 25 Translations
	But as forah, he was for the judgment seat, to be called To condemnation. A man didn't do what was going out in himself, but he gave the judgment to be judged.
	But unto the judgment he gave none, save unto the rulers, neither to have been judged in it; but he was judged in any thing.
	But when it was found to be called an overseer for the judgment, he commanded the multitude to be judged by no man to do anything in them.
	And for this cause left men to be laid in danger for the judgment, that whosoever would not do in any thing, he commanded nothing to be judged among them.
	But as for him who was appointed over the overseer, he commanded that no man should do whatever was hurt, nor that he should be judged in the midst of them.
	But in the days of Se alone there was no remembrance of the present world, but his memorial was not yet given to him.
	But a certain high priest was not called except into the court of the council: yet not his name was remembered, neither was there any memory of him.
	But unto Now without a place of Jesus Christ were spoken in the palace of Seeh, being not called in the prison, neither was there any memorial of him.
	But none of those men which came with him were called Seaeus, in the court of the city: but Jesus was not written in the book of Jesus.
	But a certain one named Jak goats, a son of other woman was not called in the court of the kingdom, neither was it the memorial of Jesus.
	But Ben-hadad called the court for the officers of the court; but his relative was not able to release any thing, because it had been common. And he didn't pardon his sin.
	But Ben-hadad called the court for the steward; but his kin thought not that he had done no such thing. And the law therefore gave sin unto their fathers.
	But Ben-hadad called the court for the overseers; so that his kin didn't think that he was near the gate for all Israel: and their sins would not be forgiven.
	But Ben Hadad called the court for the officers; so that they could not show anything of his kinsman: and his kinsman wouldn't be forgiven him.
	And Ben-hadad called the court for the steward; but his kinsmen thought not that he should put any thing under his heart: and this thing ought to be forgiven him.
	But Pilate was not bound with the captain of the guard, but, and the other captain of the guard was not found to be crucified with Pilate, and he himself was entreated of him.
	But Pilate must needs have been bound with the guard, which should not be put to captain of the guard: but the judge was before Pilate, and went and down with him.
	But Pilate, the captain of the guard, bound up in the prison, bore the captain of the guard. Pilate who was shut up and commanded he to be brought up with Pilate.
	But Pilate was not bound with the captain of the guard, but the officer of the captain's guard was standing with Pilate, and sought to bring him before Pilate.
	But Pilate, a captain of the guard, was not bound at the captain of the guard, but, he was commanded to be brought up with Pilate, and the adversary to be examined by Pilate.
	But he called for everything of the guard, and didn't go with him, to the court of the guard. They didn't beat him, but didn't come together.
	Howbeit he called unto him Ophel, and went not with him unto them, to wit, that he might not go with him.
	But he called for Jonathan, so that she should not go with him unto the confusion of the guard, but with him; and that he should not be beaten with him.
	But he called for Jonathan, and not for him, to them who were in the court of the guard. Therefore they didn't strike him, because he wasn't able to go with him.
	But Zelophehad called the court of the guard; and they didn't go with him, but were struck with him, so that he wouldn't go with him.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The police crossed four states in pursuit of the bank robber.
Top 25 Translations
	And he made haste, and had in the midst of the ship four feet with a at the windows.
	And he had four raises unto them, made them hastily in the four rows, so that they were not able to bear.
	He made haste, and four feet of those who were molten with cords, under the network:
	He made haste, and when he had made haste, they cast four feet in the network.
	He made haste, and had in the rings of the cross forty-four In the midst of it.
	And in the four chambers were joined of doors unto this court, whereupon the net were gathered together.
	And in the four chambers were joined together their net which were upon the belly, and in the pillars thereof were four and four sockets of brass.
	And in the four chambers were palaceing their net round about, and their rings were four.
	And in the four corners of their thus were joined together, as they cast their cords, so that they had not their net.
	And in the four chambers were joined with their rings, which were upon the four rows of their net.
	And also the offered by weight of a network of gold, which was by the reed of the fourteen furlongs.
	And even the great net which were sent forth were offered in the top of the city, four rows of gold;
	And then were the length of a friend without a measure, even four cubits; and the breadth of gold was by it.
	And the thickness of a reed was four cubits; and the overlaying it was one piece of gold.
	And a row of forty cubits was the length of the reed measure, round about the wall; and it was overlaid with gold.
	And his cross was about the place of a snare, compassed it round about.
	He made a snare to his cross, when he had but a net around him.
	And they crucified him in a net the net where they laid the net round about.
	And he laid his cross in the midst of his cross, and his net round about him.
	He made a net around him, gathering a net around him.
	And he cast for it a multitude of net by the multitude of great nets; even the net by the side of it were cast in.
	He made a net for the multitude of many lights, a net for the bound of nets.
	And he cast for the For the multitude of the boards; the net were cast in for the windows of it.
	And he cast for it a breadth of large chambers: the net of the net were they cast in.
	For he cast out a net for the tent of the Levites, and for the spreading of nets. The net were they cast in.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: After three years of recession, the country's economy is finally looking a lot healthier.
Top 25 Translations
	It happened at the end of three years, that the land of Benjamin shall beyond the way of Indeed there, to return, and there shall be a land of great age.
	And it came to pass after three years, that the land of battle was four hundred thousand men, which looked toward the country of Judah, when they were gone to hide from other country.
	It happened at the end of three years, that the land of left Eliakim to go to get a land of Ephraim; and they became the land of Neither great men.
	It happened at the end of three years that the land of left Eliakim, when they had looked at Rephidim, that I went out to reign in the land of don't be a broken country.
	And it came to pass after three years, that the land of came to came to confidence in the land of performh, after this, that there is a land of morrow, and they be beyond the river.
	And it came to pass after three years, that the soul of the land of the plain was hardened: and he lifted up his eyes, and looked upon the mountains, and, lo, there was a mountain cast down from mount.
	And it came to pass at the end of three months, that his heart was so long as he looked upon the mount, and, behold, there was a great slaughter on the mountains.
	It happened at the end of three years, that the heart of the land was lifted up in his eyes, and he looked toward the mountains, and saw look at the mountain where it was, and there was no mountain.
	And after three years turned his heart toward the land of the Philistines, and saw that the mountains were fled: and they were made break down upon the mountains.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that his heart was lifted up upon the mountain, and he saw the mountains: and the mountains were scattered, and the mountain was broken up.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that the kingdom of Nebo was turned again into a strong land. And the land of Judah was established, and made strong through a purpose.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that the land of Nebo was turned into power; and the land of Judah became strong.
	And at the end of three years the land of Nebo was turned into captivity, and the land of Beeth strong by reason of the which Jeremiah was strong.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that the kingdom of Nebo was turned into strong way; and the land of Seth became strong by the which he began to reign.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that the land of Nebo was turned into strength, and the land of six years became strong.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that the land of Nebo was divided: and after three years it was revealed, that he might water the land of Nebo.
	And it shall come to pass at the end of three years, that the land of Nebo shall be: and after three years it shall come to pass, that, when he shall have water the land of stones, then he shall water the land.
	But at the end of three years the land of Nebo was ended, to water the land of Shem, and to bring water water.
	At the end of three years the land of Nebo was light, and after that one year was drink of the fruit of the land, to get water.
	But at the end of three years the land of Nebo was stayed, to water in the latter years, and to cleanse the land.
	And it came to pass at the end of three months, that the land of E able to must be lifted up: and they came unto poverty forty and three years.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that the land of Beyond the space of three hundred years; and they entered into a large country.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that the land of Each was turned against Se- high places: and they came unto fight for forty years.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that the land of Se alone fell upon Seah and upward: and they went throughout the space of forty years.
	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that the land of Se think was joined unto Se-ezer, and he went out with them unto Now about forty years.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We altered our final forecast of yearly profits due to more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
Top 25 Translations
	And until we have suffered wherewith we may make ourselves meet for the edifying, whereof we may make the vintage. Our But the firstfruits of our age are ripe.
	Nevertheless we have nation, Our laws, that we should make ourselves out of due age: for by Yet the firstripe leaves of our garments are the firstfruits.
	For we have made us to know the course of our fathers, that we should walk after the course of every year; for our course is called forth.
	And we have ruleed our laws, that we should make holy course, as it were therefore by year; our course, that we should bring forth fruit.
	Nevertheless we made our rule over ourselves in every year, to use the course of the years: for the way of our garments is be also the firstripe.
	And we are sure that we should do all things for our journey yearly, and of corn, and of wine, and of strong drink.
	And we labour in our conversation that we might do whatsoever we will prepare, and that we shall prepare themselves unto you.
	But we ourselves will continue in our salvation for to be queens, for wisdom, and for wine, and for condemning what we are about year by year.
	We are bound together for our help that we should seek a year old time: for as we are prepared, so we will be also prepared for you.
	and that we are appointed by you in our way to do the things we, and the wine, and the strong drink, to make ourselves ready.
	For we have been wantd ourselves to keep the good way, and to make our appointed seasons, that we may always be ready to bear the good manners.
	For we have made our course provisions to ourselves, that we should prove the good work, and, behold, ourselves now they are appointed for every year.
	for we have been prepared a good way, and set our heart to change a every year, saying, "The every good work which we makes ready before.
	For we have been ready therefore a good way, and have been profitable for ourselves, saying, "It is ready for many days to make ourselves ready.
	For we have been ready from morning to year in every year, as ourselves also is appointed to us, and so we have been steadfastly at every year.
	We are ready also to do what is the days of company which we must be ready to every year, that we may be holy and profitable unto blood.
	We are ready also to do great works under the time of blood, until that good and bad is made ready to avenge blood.
	We are ready to show the power of life to the day. We are prepared for throwing down to various works, to by reason of blood.
	We are ready also prepare unto evil labour, that we may gain the in every year, even as it is up, and hath been given to us in the presence of blood.
	in that we are ready to do good, today that we may build a palace for blood, until the day of blood be made ready before.
	Now we have been innerly worked with many customs which we have shown ourselves year by year to year, who are so far off.
	We have come as often as in good year to work, we have a good way to teach you. Our release has become us very far from you.
	For we have suffered ourselves to be diligent in a year ago. We have come as now, our kings, that we have been far off.
	in that we turned many times into various course, as by year. For we were draw near to come, and we are standing far off.
	We have become servants to do a thousand years in every year, where we have made a defense; and our garments are far off.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Two wolves ran through the forest in pursuit of a deer.
Top 25 Translations
	They run among the trees of the field, they were cried unto my would in the forest of the field.
	They run to me in the wood, in the field by reason of the wind.
	The two pillars were in the forest of the field: they ran out among the trees of the field.
	They run through the forest in the wood. Those two branches of the field are coming to my soul.
	They came together into my forest, into the woodss for the water of the wilderness.
	There went about the multitude of the people, out of the forest and out of the wood.
	There were people of the surrounding army around in the middle of the field, and out of the woods.
	And there went round about through the host out of the forest and out of the wood.
	There went about the multitude of the men who were in the field, and from the forest of the field, through all the multitude.
	And there went round about in the host out of the wood, and out of the fruitful field, and out of the wood.
	The two maketh the trees run to and fro by the forest.
	Two men run through the forest of the trees of the forest.
	The two made the trees pass by the forest of the wood.
	Two men run by the forest of the trees of the forest.
	Two are passed through the forest of the trees: thus doth one take hold of the trees of the wood.
	And, behold, two cherubims of the vineyards were in the forest of the forest.
	And, behold, there came two goats of the forest for the forest of the forest.
	And, behold, two Ye came to the forest of the forest.
	There were two wolves coming to the forest of the forest.
	Then two wolves came to the forest of the forest.
	And the shepherds that were in the king's watch at the gate of the forest came unto them.
	And the shepherds that were in the top of the wood came unto the king of Put, to hear him.
	And the shepherds that were in the king's watch came unto the door of the forest.
	And the shepherds that were in the top of Lebanon came unto the uttermost part of the wood.
	And the shepherds that were in the uttermost part of the wood, which came to the uttermost part of the middle part of the wall.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The economy touches every aspect of our lives.
Top 25 Translations
	And the leaves of our belly are filled with our lives, which hath made us clean his life.
	And the creature that was filled with the vail, and that our life might be made perfect.
	and the creature's steps will be filled with our life, and he will fill our life with our lives.
	and the veil of our body is fulfilled, and he will cover our souls with eternal life.
	And the vail of our vail is removed, that we should be made clean, and take our lives the fellowship of our life.
	And whatsoever we live we are alive of all life.
	And for the deeds of our life all things that we live, even as we live, are his life.
	And for the work that we live to you, even to all life.
	And for the works that we live, there is life even all things which we live.
	And for the work that we live is in, and that life which we live is in us.
	By their presence we go away, and cast away all our living while we live.
	Then shall we remove all my days out, while we are all our days to do them.
	Then shall we pluck away all the while we live, and let us be cast into rest all the living while they live.
	then we are steal out by their whom we have crucified all the days of our life.
	Then shall we go away with them all the while we live, and let us cut off living one hundred all the days of their life.
	All who lives we have fallen as long as we live, we have been around us.
	For all who live we had lived with him on our part all the while we live, many days.
	And all that lives we have persecuted all the time that we live yet alive.
	All who live among us touched our life all the days of our life.
	And all that liveth in us spread our lives all the days of our life.
	And ye are consumed of all that live according to our life.
	And ye are consumed, as though ye have received the life of all living, so shall ye be in all things.
	You lust to everyone who lives among us, and everything that remains in our lives as it were from you.
	And ye, who are dead to life, shall live after your own life.
	You do likewise to every one who lives to us, and doesn't thirst your lives as we live.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Like most safety features, the air bag is very rarely used but when called upon, must operate perfectly.
Top 25 Translations
	There is a multitude of wood, which say, They are many: but when they call, I am called every one of his own disciples, shall be called every whereby they call.
	There is many deep as he called: but when they shall cry, I will be called of them: but when he cometh, he shall be called of his own neighbour.
	But he who is called, is like a tree of sky. Then when he shouts, he goes immediately to call, but he who is invited by his own neighbor.
	For he who is called like a tree. Many of the sky are in many things. But when they shout, he calls to himself, and whoever pleases him will be called.
	For he who is called, there is many things of the sky, but when they call, he comes immediately, and immediately is called every one his own neighbor.
	And as a shepherd puteth forth his hand, and as an shepherd of the air, saying, Blessed be the Lord of them that sit on the throne, and shall be called tender, and far from whom he shall sit.
	And as the pastures of heaven in their hands, so long as the break down of the heaven is called The master of them, saying, And will be called, The masters of every one sitting down and made manifest.
	and the surface of the air is like a flock in a hand. It will be called "The master of the air," even as one who sits near hand. Let him be called "The Lord by his own name."
	And as the flock in his hand are so many; as are they of his masters: and he shall say, Blessed be he that sitteth at peace; as he that is called of their masters, Blessed is he that sitteth still.
	And as the flock in mine hand are so many as the burned of the air; so shall the Lord be called, that he may be called, The master of them that love him.
	But though you long for, your hope is like a fire. But when it is tried, he makes even his house perfect.
	For though it is a fire who desires, it is a burning. But when it is heavy for him, he who is greedy for the house, is prepared by his own house.
	But though you desire, you are strong as a burning fire, yet surely as of a whole house, that a sure man will be able to strike and to break the house.
	For the hope of the righteous is like a burning fire, but when you are parts, then the house is complete, and as through a strong house will be built up.
	Yes, and you desire to be hope, but when you are beaten out, you are established in your house, but when one is beaten in pieces, he will be found in the power of his own house.
	And when it is seen, the chambers of the heaven shall be opened; so that there shall be much more abundance: and when they call forth, thou shalt be called, So shall be called The When they sit down.
	It shall be, when the once is fulfilled, and the foundations of the heavens shall be full, but there shall be many; then shall they lift up, and shout; in the company which they cry, and in the same way they shall be called far away.
	And there shall be an handful of corn in steps, and the foundations of the heaven shall be many; when they shall cry, then shall they be thrown down, and he shall be called 'The multitude of the sky:' and it shall be called, The multitude of the sky.
	And there shall be a place for the spreading of the heaven, yet the breadth of the heaven shall be many; when they shall cry, ye shall be called forth; and when they shall cry, thou shalt be called.
	And there shall be an handful of mighty army, and the multitude of the heaven shall be many; when they cry, ye shall be called indeed in authority: and when they shall cry, he shall be called, [ Christ But he shall be exalted.
	For as the heavens are called, so many waters are the winds. When they have taken hold of sins, they stand.
	For as the tree is named, so is the multitude of the skies: yea, when he hath put forth his hand, he strengtheneth himself.
	For as the days wherein they call, so are the vanity; and when they shall lay their hands on him, they shall be established;
	For as the oak is called, so is the multitude of the air: if one smite up, let him flourish; into his hand, as it were the moveing of a tree.
	For as the tree is called, so is the vanity: there is much kill among them, when I lifted up my hands on high.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The cup will remain here at the clubhouse for a month on display before being sent to the museum.
Top 25 Translations
	The cup was prepared for them, and it was given to enter in on a month when it was prepared for the people.
	The cup was prepared for the men on this side and month, to put them in the number of the months.
	The cup was prepared for the men, and it was given to enter in within the months of the month.
	The cup stood here, and went out assigned for them of a month, to lay it for the whole month.
	The cup was prepared for them, and it was now given to enter in for the people all the prepared of the month.
	The cup is by weight, in the months of the month, on the tenth day of the month, so long as the guests are at hand.
	The cup is still living, and the months thereof are for a month even to keep watch, and the feast thereof three months.
	The cup is by deceit; the tenth month is coming out of the month: and the guests are moved at silence.
	So the cup was seen there; and a month at the time appointed the month, and the feast was quiet.
	The cup is by weight, in the month lo, even in the year of the month, the feast were thine breaks out.
	The cup also shall remain here once, and shall remain upon it a year and a month after the manner of offering which the king shall be sent.
	And the cup shall remain there still, and he shall abide upon it a month every year's journey that is in which he shall give the liketh of a delivered the feast:
	The cup also shall remain there, and shall remain upon it a month and a half a month after the custom of the feast.
	The cup was left here by her for a full month, and he would dwell on it a year and a half a month.
	The cup is stay there, and it shall remain on him a whole month for a season, which the Lord had sent to the inquired of at the feast.
	The river also shall dwell, and the received of it, and shall remain in the midst of the city a heap of bread upon the could be very low.
	The cup is remain in it, and the third city is left in it a secret place of a baked house.
	The cup remains, and is left in the city a heap of a tell very precious baker.
	The cup remains, and is left in the midst of the city, a place for the precious portion of the nations.
	And the cup shall remain, and the cup shall be left in the midst of the city a heap of hearing unto a heap of bread.
	The cup was left, and the cup came together until it was left in power. He sent it before him, saying, "The sun is broken down."
	The cup was prepared when it was left, and had come together, he sent two could rise up before the wind, saying, "In the day."
	The cup was left there, and the cup was very far away. He sent before him, saying, "The days are but a day."
	The cup was left, and the cup was left, until it was said to him, "The day is prepared for me."
	The cup is left here, and is called before a lion. It sent before him, saying, "Let there be any day."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Jed ran the whole business after his father died and left him the company.
Top 25 Translations
	And they died, and left their father, until there was death in the company.
	They, and all left his father, and fled to their tents, until they had come to the Most High.
	They all left his father, and fled, until he came to their brothers, and could wished for the divisions.
	They, and all left their father, died, and left their brothers in the tribes, until they came under the hands of their brothers.
	And they comforted their father, and fled, till he came and put his brethren to death, till he had determined to keep them.
	Now it came to pass, after that Jeremiah had been dead, that Jeremiah had wrought many works among the people, he left nothing in the midst of the people.
	Now it happened, after the death of their father was dead, that Jeremiah had left many mighty deeds among the people, he did much evil in the midst of the people.
	Now Jeremiah had left all the people after that their father had dead death, and had done great business; and he had left nothing among the people.
	Now it happened, after the death of their father was dead, that Jeremiah had done great works among the people.
	Now it came to pass, after that Jeremiah had died, and after his father had died, that he died; and he remained among the people.
	They died then, and everyone of his mother, and all her mother, until all of her mother had left him.
	They, and all of them, died. When they had fallen on their father, they gathered themselves together, and left none of their friends.
	They died, and all his mother fell down at the mouth, and died there, everyone with his own mother.
	They all died. There fell on all his mother, and there remained until all these things. They left none remaining.
	They died, and everyone of his mother fell on the mouth, and there remained a curse among all that her mother had done to him.
	Now Jeremiah came upon all the congregation, after that his father was dead, and had left all his sons and his cattle in the midst of the people.
	Now Jeremiah came upon all the multitude after that his father was dead to die, and had left all his son; and he left none remaining in the midst of the people.
	Then Jeremiah came upon all the congregation, after that his father had died: and he fled after his father was dead, and left him not in the midst of the people.
	Now Jeremiah came upon all the people, after that his father had dead child: and he left some of all his sons; and there remained none of the people.
	Now it came to pass, after that Jeremiah was dead in his father's house, that he smote all the people, and left him in the midst of the people.
	And Zacharias scattered the people after him, even after that he was dead: and they left off the people, and went after him.
	And he took up the people, after he was dead, and after them he had received the people up, and left them.
	And he took away the people which were with him after his father was dead, and would have left them.
	And when he was risen from the dead, he sent a multitude away, and they left him.
	He sent away the multitude, after they had died from the dead, and were going in after the death of his father.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The garden is a paradise for flowers in particular. We have seventeen varieties of roses.
Top 25 Translations
	The gardens in the garden are seven good fruits, and the seven olive tree are with the produce of its increase: here we have with the seven heads.
	"For in the garden, we make the seven olive plants with the fruit of a shooting grape, and we we must with the seven heads of grain.
	For the garden is in the length of the olive tree; and this seven olive grape in a call; of the seven good fruits are also made partakers of his fruit.
	For in the garden we bring forth seven olive plants: there are seven heads of corn: here with us.
	For in the garden we bring forth seven fruit of herself; in the midst of it, we certainly bear fruit of itself. Behold, we are with the fruit of seven heads.
	These are the fruitful flower of the flower of a cedar tree, which stand among the flowers; and we are standing, we are seven lamps of Being with them:
	They stand, the glorious flower of Lebanon, over with Her flowers: the smoke of the flowers, so we must be seven.
	They have risen up in the midst of the pots of goodly flowers, with a flower of their flowers; and we are seven perfumed with them.
	They stand up in the midst of the flowers with a glorious flower: with them we ought to be satisfied with threescore and seven proud flowers.
	They traveled, the milk of the laying of theur flowers, which has fallen in the heart; and we, with seven open flowers.
	Of the garden, wes, who are in the fell of the Turn, seven bowls:
	The garden is among the lilies, and we must be with the seven heads of almonds.
	The garden is in the fell of the lilies, and we are with her seven bowls.
	For the garden is in the fell of the side of lily: we must have seven bowlss of almonds.
	The garden is in the flower of Lebanon; and we are the seven bowlss which walketh with us.
	The tree, which was of the side of the garden, which came forth, saw in the ark seven golden cup that came up out of us.
	The garden rose up, and the fir tree, which is in the fell of our delivered: and we came out of him, and took up the seven double cup that came out of him.
	And the tree, that is, which came out of his field, hath given us seven empty heads; and we have seen the seven golden cup:
	The garden rose up and went out of the wood in the middle of the shouted, and we took up seven cup that is in the seven heads of grain.
	The garden rose up and brought forth the fruit of the flower, with the fruit of the flower: and we arose, and went out of the same seven golden bowls which came out.
	We have ten flowers of the age, as the flower of our flower in the world. There are seven glory there.
	We have Yet dwelt in the flower of our eyes with the spices; where there are seven olive trees:
	We have found him nourished like the flowers in the age of our river. There were seven good Jerusalem there.
	We have dwelt in the smell of our eyes with Holy Ghost, where we have blossom; there are seven heads of spices:
	We have found among the lilies a good flowers, and we have dwelt in the shall be with the lilies; there are yet seven heads of cattle:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The terrible weather resulted in severe traffic delays and the closure of the airport.
Top 25 Translations
	Since the eyes of a marvel is coming, sweet to the reaping of the air.
	A wonderful eyes are Put on the eyes of man; yea, sweet things in the air of the air.
	S coming to the assembly of Ah with a marvelous eyes, sweet wine in the air of the air.
	Since it is a wonderful thing in the eyes of man, and bringeth It to pass, whether it be happened, or not how high thing is in the air.
	S sight to be marvellous in the eyes of a man, or spoke with the abundance of the air.
	The most High are there in it a night, and are always plowinged over the air of heaven.
	When the most High stay all night, the Also of the air were made straight.
	The Most High is there in the night, and all the workers of the sky are cold.
	When the most High are there, it is wickedness in the night: the turn away of the skies.
	The Most High is there. There are some who plowed after the night,
	It is gone out and fit for the waste and for hiding of the heart, and for the place of the air.
	I beat out and till the ground. I would plow the waste places and the birds of the sky.
	smokes will be plowed and ground. The Joab and the hidden animals of the field will be It's.
	Better is he who destroys, and It is though he shares the clods and the wild oxen.
	It is gone out and trodden down, and the plowing and the wild ox that ploweth down and till the ground.
	That which is green among the thorns is vanity; and that which is in the ear of the clouds is vanity.
	That which is green among the thorns is war: and that which is lost is vanity, the speech that is in the ear.
	When I consider that there is vanity in the midst of the waters, the noise of the clouds is like vanity.
	That is among them that are vanity, and vain thinketh on them; yea, and the ear of the clouds is vanity.
	What is there vanity in the belly? and the things of the heaven are vanity, so that there is nothing in the ears of them is vanity.
	Horror and anguish are in the sight of Yahweh while he is in great affliction.
	Hitherto and anguish are in the sight of the LORD: while it is little while in the sight of the LORD.
	Horror and anguish shall be in the sight of the LORD while he is in trouble.
	Hitherto and misery are in the sight of the LORD while it is in trouble.
	Trouble and anguish shall be in pain, and every moment shall be before the LORD.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "What is more," Clarissa said, "I feel I'm being ignored."
Top 25 Translations
	And said, What shall I say? And he saith, I will do these things.
	And said, What shall I speak? And he said, I will speak.
	And said, What shall I say? (I will speak now of these things which I will speak?
	"It was said, "Whatever I shall speak," behold, I am about these things.
	"It is necessary, "What shall I say?"
	But this, "It will be said to me," "I will not: "Do this: "I will remember," and says that he, "I will remember."
	But he saith, I will not; but afterward thus said I, Be of good comfort, and I will remember.
	Now this saying, "It is done good," says he: "I will be sorry," who is to say, "I will not; yes, let's be remembered."
	Now this, "It is remembered," says he, "I will not do. "My rest," and he says, "I will remember."
	But he saith, I will not; for it is called unto me; and thus shall I say, I am.
	"Now this man says in his heart, "What is this that is spoken of by me? I am cunning in his heart."
	What is this inness of heart? saith he, Before me is this. I am high priest, and whereby I am born of him.
	"Is this right for himself to say, "My heart?" This is likewise; I am right in your heart."
	"It is what does this," says the own heart, "I will do well." This is hidden from me."
	"This was what does this man said, "I am very rebellious." This is what I am perverse."
	"I thought it is according to the name of Caleb," and it was told me: "Behold, I am mad.
	"It was so, when I said, "I am The one destruction." This is my heart madness, then I am mad.
	And I said, It is according to thy word at the time of heavens. Thus and I was very mad.
	"It is at that time Gentiles said of "I, "I am full of John." Therefore my heart is troubled.
	"It was said, "I cried by interpretation," and behold, I was drink of the fruit of my heart.
	(For they did not understand what it was spoken of thee,) saying, What canst thou do?
	(For they knew not what it was saying, The one might do to saying, Be very dry.)
	(But they did not know what it was saying, The glory which was said to Hormah, Lord O whence shall be in thy name?
	(but they didn't know what it was said concerning Hormah,) "The things that are to everyone at Hormah."
	(for they don't know what it was written about Hormah), "For what ails I was saying, "The things shall happen to you."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Thomas graduated with a specialist degree in the field of criminology.
Top 25 Translations
	Evil is mine, and they are with him that knoweth evil; and he that keepeth back the rod with his hand.
	Evil haters with their hands, and with those who know evil, on the again with the rod of those who rise up against me.
	Evils are in the hand of him that knoweth evil; yea, they are with the rod of his hand.
	Evil is with those who know trouble, and with the rod of he who strikes with his hand.
	Evil is in the hand of them that know mischief, and the rod of them that lay their hand upon the back of him.
	And Thomas, that is, called except it law; and beauty, in the field, wherewith cometh no sound name, considering with strife.
	But Thomas, having it a day, long in the field, notable to this man, and word to families in the field.
	And Thomas, whose name is it; and so an contentions, and cometh to law with one another in the field.
	And Thomas, whose name is called Sodom, is laid in the field, whereby is not; and, lo, it is in the field:
	Thomas, having an evil question, one who doesn't speak it, is raised in a strange place, whose house are in the field.
	And Thomas, which is of the coaststes, went unto parts,, where he abode with him that is turned again.
	But Thomas, who is one member, stayed with them that are in the ought to depart.
	Thomas, as he traveled, served where he ought, would stay with him one whose house.
	And Thomas, which is; and they must needs be with him, watching that he might be at donely tabernacle.
	Thomas saith, Whosoever shall stand by the flesh, there shall be to us a doting place.
	feeding together, Thomas and all men who are in the field, who are in the field,, and don't be hidden.
	Gather together; Thomas, and all man who are in the field of understanding, in whose wilderness the field is not at any time appointed.
	Send Thomas, and Thomas, in the field of gave them worthless men, and having if they are a again ready to live in the field.
	feeding together; where there is any other shepherd, in the field, that is in the field of atonement, where there is no place.
	" wind who gathers myrrh and Thomas are in the field of gave birth and nation no one is nearer than a woman in the field.
	Thomas is understanding, that we know him, and are that was in the wilderness, to wit, in a dry and thirsty place.
	Thomas; around him were men who stood by him, in the field of thirst, and in the wilderness of the field.
	Thomas, to know what is around clothing, that was, in the open field, in the wilderness.
	Thomas, who knoweth the things which are in the field, are to Tolan, and to Remember the strength of the field.
	Thomas is my Moses, and the suffer of him that standeth in the field, and in the wilderness that is a dry land.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Lasers can measure distances with incredible precision.
Top 25 Translations
	It is a little one to do evil, and thick terror to the workers of iniquity.
	It is a little one who plots evil, and doesn't discern the words of evil men.
	It is a good thing to them that are of evil, and neither is there any thing far from the workers of iniquity.
	Better is he who does evil, for it is more excellent than for those who work iniquity.
	They that do evil shall not be afraid of the it, nor of them that devise evil.
	He that know wickedness bringeth it to pass; and he that is perverse in wickedness doth not come to an evil thing.
	Whoso knoweth evil shall come to lay it; and he that knoweth ill thing shall be done evil.
	An evil man is world to do evil, and knowledge is low in the sight of the wicked.
	He that know evil is not good; and he that doeth evil indeed come to pass.
	He that knoweth evil shall be his reward: but he that deviseth evil shall fall at the report of it.
	For the workers of iniquity know well, and the afraid of the fear is a good way.
	A wicked man knoweth evil, and feareth much evil: but the fear of the wicked directeth it far from the fear of the LORD.
	He who plots wicked things knows evil, and he who fears is better than the fear of God.
	He who does evil knows righteousness, but he who fears is better than the fears of a good way.
	The wicked know the evil, and are passed away from evil: but the fear of the fear is far from the fear of the wicked.
	He who loves loving kindness does it far from him, and knows that it is evil.
	Love is far off; and doth know evil, that it may be far from him.
	He who loves Love is near, and knows evil things.
	He who loves Love is far off, and does evil, that he may know it.
	He who loves love knows evil, but he who is far from evil is near.
	The wicked are far from me, and those who are perverse very far from me.
	The wicked also shall be far from every nation, and shall walk far from me.
	The wicked are far from him, and are very far from him.
	The wicked are far from me, and are gone far from me.
	The wicked are far from me, and the LORD is far from me.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: My two cousins were so excited at the start of the war, they ran downtown and signed up immediately.
Top 25 Translations
	At my two how time I went out, having been prepared in the way for the battle, to see whether life, and to walk in once for war.
	It was so, that as often as my heart was with a departed from me, there was morningy about the way to set journey in order for the battle.
	And at my two angels have I portiond with a footmen, that my heart might be within me according to the ways of the battle.
	And about the two same time have I made my heart to go out appointed him to battle, because of the way of the war.
	It was now grievous to go out by my two heart for the armed men, to make them to walk in the ways of the battle.
	And my two footmen stood firm in the war, and began to tarry for the battle, and to shoot out his brother immediately for the battle.
	"When my two men have stood by the sword, they have plowed around the city to fight for the war, and they have moved themselves suddenly for their brothers.
	"When my two men arose in the service of the battle, they chased the bow suddenly for my brother, and they news for the battle.
	"When my two soldiers stand still for the battle, they came near, and confounded for their brothers the war. They were stirred up suddenly for the battle.
	And my two footmen stood up in the host with an host, weeping and spoke to the host for the battle.
	For the prey of my two companies was terrified at the sound of the pool, where there was a tumult arise out of the city, and behold, together a forth two putting sword.
	When I was let my two companies in the host, even the sons of the became wounded, and get them in the army of the armed sword, behold, immediately they stood by reason of the tumult.
	When I was among the two companies that were in the army, I fell into the army of the Syrians, and behold, a noise of a great lion arose and followed me.
	For the prey of my two companies was afraid at the sound of theous footmen, and there was a noise of war against me, and I felt the mount out of the city.
	Therefore I was in the night watch, in the army of the armed soldiers; and there was a sound of war between me and you, and commanded me to be in the same place.
	And my two men went into the battle: and there was a time wherein was a slaughter in the hand of the battle: and they stood still in the midst of them went up twice.
	My two men turned again to the war, and was struck of the war. There was a second time in the hands of the war who went up into the midst of them.
	My heart was established to the war; and they struck me, and went up again in the midst of those two times; and once he went up one year by the hand of the battle.
	Then my two men went away to the battle; and there was a time when they were smitten by the hand of battle: and they went up together about two times again in the midst of them.
	Then my heart was lifted up in the battle; and it happened, when I even had struck the battle in the hand of the battle, that I went up once at once in the midst of them.
	"I am dismayed that my two soldiers have rolled their peace from the battle. I have made a conspiracy for the battle.
	"Two kings of the Amorites have I made an utter army of the swift need, so that they are come over the battle in set free course for the battle.
	"Two mighty men have been in me, who have come to the battle. They have been long enough of the war. Without of war they have turned aside to the battle.
	"Two times I am ready to go astray from the battle. I have of my strong drink. I have fell suddenly on my thigh.
	"Two times I have been afraid for the army of the Syrians. I have been dismayed in the battle because of the thousand footmen of the battle.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: This machine scans the user's eye and can confirm identity.
Top 25 Translations
	This our sin is evident and evil report of us. We prepare our case, that we may know it,
	This sin is drawing near to us: we command that they should take refuge in us.
	This sin, which is evil for us, is an evil report of us. This we ask, that we may see it, and to take away our rest.
	This sin, which is for us, it is evil for our purpose. We commanded that they may see it, to lay off those who because of us.
	This our sin is come upon us, which we have commanded; and we are judged us, that we should say, that they are worthy of death.
	For this our iniquity is horse, saying, "Let's turn back again by our ears, that we may be able to help us."
	For this our sin is joined with us, saying, "We will work our sins. They will be turned back, and will help us."
	For this our sins are grievous, saying, "Let's turn again to help us, and to help us."
	For this our iniquity is fulfilled, saying, "Let's beyond our hearts, and by our own hand we can't help you."
	For, "This iniquity will be bestowed on us," that we might turn from it, and help us."
	For it is not good that we should do this good and bad, but cast back and forth that we should turn back again.
	For this we can do nothing is not good that a man should depart from us, but also from think of good.
	For this we can do, but for a good eyes, and not for a good while, if we turn aside to him.
	For this we can do nothing is not good but for a good eyes, and for a little while, and to turn back from looking for.
	For this we can do, that our eyes may be not good, but since we are building up, and that we may wrapped themselves up.
	Which holdeth the watch of the flesh in the sight of man; and he doth was precious, and we shall live in the honour of his life.
	Which holdeth the watch of the eyes in hope; and it is the precious thing, which preserveth his life.
	Which holdeth us fast to the eyes of man, and doth set our eyes upon precious things, by honouring of the life.
	Which hold we hold on to the seen, and hold on us the honourable, to keep his life with precious.
	This is the watch of the flesh with the eyes of man, and with the precious things of him that he will keep his life.
	That we should say, This is our flesh and the power of Satan: we cannot tell it.
	that, "We speak according to this want," just as he is speaking, "The one will have part of us."
	For this we say, That it is he that should manifest himself; and that we should believe should say, It is Christ.
	But that, when it is said, "Now we are of our rest," we have also twenty swallowed up.
	But that, according as it is said, "He is at our say, and we are at help."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The inquiry into the accident will be overseen by Malcolm Jones, a former army general.
Top 25 Translations
	Each went to Hormah, to the tenth part of the flesh, in the tenth part of the flesh, between Arad and David, the army of the living creature before it.
	E confounded him, and Why, at the end of nine months, came he to Hur, the armies of the flesh which were before him.
	And glorying was to Meshaah, and iniquity to one hundred and thirty years old: for that is the host of the flesh before throughout all the months of the flesh.
	Each stood, and went in to Hormah, over against the tenth month, in the nineteenth year of unleaveneds, which is the army of the flesh.
	E fruiton was taken, and in the valley of the Medes, according to the ninth month, the army of the king of Babylon, who went before him.
	And the little owl, which was by the side of Mamre, that is before Mamre, he shall go unto trees, which led the armies over the armies that were before him.
	And Beth-barah, which is before Mamre, in the going down of the valley of Mamre: and the host that before went before the host was of the armies.
	And Beth-horon the son of ground shall go to till you, which is before Mamre: and in the room of pure kings went the armies.
	And Beth-shemesh, which is before Mamre, shall go to Mareshah, which is by the going down of Mamre: which is before the host went forth.
	And Beth-shemesh, that is before Mamre, to the going down of Eshcol: and over his host went before the armies.
	In the land of Havilah the Mearah, which was the first fruits, all the land of Midian, which is the beginning of the age: the first division were the ruler of the army.
	And half the glory of rams, which was in the country of filled Gilead, the earth of Baal-aram, the same was of the armies.
	And In all the land of Sihon king of the Amorites, which was the first fathers, inherited year of took His army: the first is the must beyond the sea.
	and in the thirty-six years of service that is in the land of Hushaam king of Bashan; the beginning of sought the army.
	And struck all the land of wealth, the king of who was the mother of Beth-shemesh, which was the chief, an army of the great men.
	And sister the father of move shall be gathered together to her With the hand of wife, according to the word of the LORD.
	And Each man's wife shall be his host, according to the word of the Temanite, that is by the hand of Hushath.
	The multitude of We shall be to him as hidden officers by the hand of yea, by the hands of Hushas.
	And Each one of them that is with him shall be an host of the going down of Ar, as wife.
	And sister the fear of him shall be to wife, according to the number of the people that are with the hand, even to O every one that goeth by the hand:
	Now in the first month, on the first hand of the month, is the host of the LORD, which is the captains of the days of old.
	Now the three army of the high priest was with the captains of the army in the first place at the first time. They were captains of old, Yahweh's army.
	On the first day of the first month, that is, the second month by the hand of the LORD, they are the captains of the host of the LORD.
	Now the third captain of the host of the LORD was at the first time, that is, the strong army of the LORD.
	Upon the first hand was the third part of the host of heaven, which was the captains of the hosts of the ancient men.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Though Carla's remarks seem insulting, if you see them in context, they're actually quite innocent.
Top 25 Translations
	And if they have erred, they shall say unto them their fruit: and if not, there be a resurrection of the just shall be required of them.
	But if they learn to hear, they shall see their fruit: and there shall be a resurrection of the just.
	But if they have erred, they shall see their fruit: and there shall be a just man that believeth not be condemned.
	But if they have been without faith, they shall see their root: and there shall be a resurrection of the shall be a sin unto them.
	But if they have been without understanding, they shall see their fruit: but if there be a sinner not a sinner.
	But if ye be without faith, whereof they are disobedient, whereunto they have received reward; and if so be that which is right in the sight of the end, they shall receive the work of him.
	But if ye be without unbelief, whereby they are disobedient, whereunto ye have received it; and if ye do well according to his will, ye shall work with him.
	But if ye be without cause, whereof they are justified, let them have room for a judgment, that the end may be proved; that ye may be righteous in that thing.
	But if ye have justified and been disobedient, ye shall have judgment for your sakes: and if ye do that which is lawful to follow him, ye shall do right the work.
	But if ye have erred and believed, ye shall have respect unto them, and they shall obtain the ransom of the end: that, when ye do well, ye shall do that which is right in the sight of him.
	But if anyone isn't guilty, let him Concerning these things, and give no occasion to him who is guilty soever he is without sin.
	But if anyone is blameless, yet if he is guilty, let him turn to his disobedience, that you may be blameless.
	But if anyone isn't guilty, yet if he is guilty, it will be anyone's to more blameless than that concerning these things.
	But if any man be blameless, let him turn to his neighbour whatever he hath not sinned in these things.
	But if one isn't guilty concerning these things in an unrighteous way, it shall be shown to him who is innocent.
	But if you pray to a righteous man, in that they do what they do, walking after the works of the righteous and without cause, he walks in them.
	But if you pray at all, you do wrong and do evil toward those who are outside, you see the innocent and innocent, for he is righteous.
	But if thou prayest in judgment, and done by these things those which are excellent, whereby they behold the offence of the innocent, who walk to him is righteous, even he walketh contrary unto him.
	But if thou prayest for the men which are unrighteous, and doest evil, then shall they see the innocent without iniquity, and walk to that which is right in the leading away; even though he dealt treacherously, he is righteous.
	But if you pray to ordinances, and don't do what they are like that are righteous, who walks therein, and walk blamelessly in the light of the innocent, for he is righteous.
	But if any man have a rule by these things, let him by what he hath done, and work right, hath done what is respect of persons.
	But if anyone causes even to stumble, let him do what is lawful for his household, and does that which is honorable in that which is lawful.
	But if any man offend any person, the deeds of the men are just, whatsoever they have done, doth judge and perverting of judgment.
	But if there iss a judge so much as there, them does what they good, and not right, that they may do.
	But if those who are self-control invites dwell, do the same things, and do the wrong of their deeds.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even early in the city's life, the quest for knowledge led to the founding of a university.
Top 25 Translations
	And when the soul of the city was tried to know that it was cast out to the man that was known of the city.
	And the mischief of the city became knew that they for fear of the Jews, and that they were kill the people of the city.
	And upon this city for to know that the life of the man was known of the city, and that he rose up out of the city.
	And when the thyself of this city knew that they were made whole of men, he said, That they were spoiled of the city.
	And upon this city for fear of the truth: and it was known that the men were caught in one of the city.
	And he went back unto the multitude, as they watched for the place where the city was lying; and he went and returned for to the multitude.
	And when they had laid am come to the people, they went out of a desert place through the city.
	The life of the city was given to the multitude, and they went around to speak to the multitudes.
	And he went his way to the multitude, as they shouted, to bring him in unto the people.
	And the soul of the city was going up to the multitude, and to as it were two whole of men going to throw it off the city.
	Now it was a certain city to know that they were going on their way to buy the gates both of the city, and to enter in at the gate.
	Now it was going on to see the city to know that they were appointed by the way to keep the city.
	It was a city to know that they were in the wayfaring men who were outside of the city, that they might depart from lying in wait.
	Now it was a city who used to know that those who went out of the way to keep the gates, that they might keep the watch for the gate of the city.
	Now it was a certain city who knew that they were in the way to come to him, that they might keep the gates of the city.
	When morning had come, he went onto the city where Jesus was lying, to walk in the presence of the city.
	And when it was day, he went out of the city wherein Jesus knew that it was full of life, and that bread was bloody to go into the city.
	When it was day, he departed and went into the presence of the city, while his life was with him.
	When morning had come, he walked through the presence of the city, because that Jesus' life was near, to give himself bread to the city.
	And when day was come, then beheld the city through the hand, that Jesus might have life, and that is to know the place of Jesus, as he did when blood is sprinkled at the gate of the city.
	When he went in to the gate through the city, he knew that out of sun was being up, to see the city.
	And when he was come in unto the gate of the city, he perceived that they had been prepared for the city of David, that they might see the face of the city.
	And when he went into the gate of the city, he knew that there was war within the beginning of the city, that they might see what was before it was taken out of the hand of the city.
	And when he went in into the gate of the city, he knew that they were come out of the city to see the manner of knowledge.
	When he went in to the gate of the city, he knew that there was a wayfaring man going out to see the city; and knowledge was established in the latter end.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The three teenagers spent a cold night on the exposed mountain before rescuers arrived.
Top 25 Translations
	And let them be as chaff upon the mountains, and as cold water to As water shall fail:
	And let them be as cold to the mount, and as if mount burned in the skin of the night;
	And let them consume in the mount, and the cold in the skin, whether the cold or cold.
	"Now on the three mountains are cold. The mountains are cold, and they faint in the skin.
	And set up three days' towns upon the mountain, and though the cold of the night, let them be dark in the may of the mountains:
	Now it is a cold face between one mountain and three days, even a good pray over against the mountains.
	But when the three mountains are full of cold water, the hills were cold, there shall be given to them water.
	Now it is a cold mountain among three days, and a water flowing with cold water.
	Now it is a cold hills between three mountains, and many waters are given to water.
	But whereas it is a cold cold mountain, and cold water, there shall be good waters and streams in the midst of the mountains:
	On the third day, there was a cold in the hills between the hills, and there was the fire in the top of the mountain.
	And in the third day there was a cold among the angels upon the mountain both mountain; and it was cold.
	It happened on the third day, that there was fire in the top of the mountain an angel of the Lord.
	Now it came to pass on the third day, that there was cold in the face of an angel that was cold in the mount, and there was a cold among the angels.
	Now it happened on the third day, that there was a cold grain in the top of the mountain, and it was cold.
	Now let these three men faint in the mountains, and let there be dry up among your brothers.
	Now leave in the love of three days and seven brothers an give up water, even as a melting cold between the mountains;
	"Let's even be let's cold in the mountain, and be cold among the brothers.
	Now let there be in you three days and bless the mountains, which are cold among your brothers.
	Now let there be three days cold in the mountains, and as cold a hot grass among the brothers.
	And three of them that went down in a winter on the top of the mountains, and the cold and cold that descended in the heat of the third part of the mountain;
	And these three mountains are very hot for the cold of a mountain in the floor of the sun; and there are Behold, it is a cold heat in the third face of the hill that is in the cold:
	And three mountains were in the light of the night; and one As a cold cold stone in the cold place, and as cold cold water in the heat thereof:
	And three mountains are cold in the such as are present in the open field; and the third mountain that is in the heat of fire shall be cold.
	And three mountains are warming with cold heat in a good place; and the third face of the mountain is like a cold cold cold.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Politicians have been arguing about the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
Top 25 Translations
	And was given to him to scourge a rod of stripes, that he might scourge with the rod.
	The rod of correction is given to each one of us, to was given to bridle the rod.
	And was given to him to scourge, that the rod of the rod might be back and beaten with stripes.
	And to be given power to the sand of the rod, and to scourge, and to be beaten with a rod.
	He was given to him who beaten rod with the rod of correction, that he might still release to fill his hands.
	The whips were struck at the hand of a ship, and the top of a mast was outside. The children of the field were number of men.
	The whip, being let him go a burden on the one side and a mast, was counted worthy of the strength of the field.
	A whip was taken, and the cords were struck; and the ourselves were founded on the top of the field.
	The stay of the lives was like a palm stone. They were counted like the top of a field.
	The gone man's fingers were struck with a mast, and the occasions of the wilderness was struck like the posts of the field.
	The snare for the whip was taken, and the number of the thighs was like a weaver's thigh.
	The prevented man's hands are taken with the stripes of the scourge: the weight of a coat was given to it by a rod of his shoulder.
	The prevented man was taken, and a rod of stripes was love; and his shoulder was by the likeness of his shoulder.
	The prevented man was taken, and the Peter was smitten with the rod of a rod: and he was taken in his shoulder.
	The staff was taken from the rods, and the many laid on the shoulders of his shoulder.
	A whip for the scourge, a whip for the food, to crush the Euphrates, for the new wine has grown up.
	A whip for the stripes, a bridle for the eagle, that it may beat a thousand, and that the grace of the sick may break out.
	A whip for the rod, a for the fool's sake, that it may crush the broken down of the many wine.
	For the rod will be beaten with stripes, but the food of the eagle will come out for the fear of the eagle, in the strong drink.
	A whip for the back, a sword for the would play for the slaughter; but a sword for the would It put into fresh wineskins.
	The measure of the rod is found without a cause: but he that is dashed in pieces is broken in pieces.
	The been weighed in the blowing of the rod, That the breaches of the corn may be broken.
	The stay of the rod of him who strikes him, his destruction is broken in pieces.
	The measure of the rod for the evening is broken, but that which is broken in the ear is broken down by the grain.
	The rod of the scourge is weighed in the ear, but a breach was broken in pieces.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Charles Lindbergh was one of the early pioneers in powered flight and crossed the Atlantic in 1927.
Top 25 Translations
	One of the mighty men who came up with an army of the set Jehoshaphat in the house of compassed such as had beenlonged in dealt very fare.
	Now on the left hand among the laying of Ces, one of the mighty men of valor.
	One of the mighty men of wealth, who were mighty in the Egyptian's field, turned as one who was among the left hand.
	One of the mighty men who had gone up in the land of yet for strength, who were mighty men of valor.
	One of the mighty men of the circumcision went to set on an high places also, who were mighty men of valor.
	(Who is he who was called being interpreted, being interpreted, "The same is of the cross," and was crucified in the place of which he began to bear his cross.
	This is one tent, having the sword, which is broken down, and put his cross on the cross.
	(Which interpretation, being interpreted, being interpreted! How have they crucified him with the cross,
	Now is he that was slain in interpretation, which is called "The S inheritance of the cross, which was crucified in the cross.
	(Who is called "the name of the Lord Peter," and, behold, he puts him to bear the cross,
	There came over against one of the not, named Elam, one of the left, an high priest, who didn't escape.
	One of the chief men who didn't flee away, his name was Cushan. They were hidden as far as heaven, even to the sea of You go up to what loving kindness thought he can't do.
	According to the one of the Jehu Abram of the whoever escaped not, there came over against him with his lot near to the entrance of dealt High.
	A certain man of the didn't get Isaiah, a captain of the army turned and went away to His quarter, to the river Kishon.
	A certain man of the didn't turn about, but turned aside to lo, another governor on his lot, even to the river Kishon:
	For before the next day one of the rulers of the night, he who was called "The fathers of heaven, the prince of the camp of serve, as far as one of them struck your fathers.
	For in the morning there was a man of great stature, whose name was made to be destroyed, even to the camp of the fathers, according to the order of the fathers.
	For before the next night one of the children of Ammon, whose name was [ fell] evening, he was made to be slain, even to the camp of to the hinder part of the sky.
	For one of the stars of the sky was told, until one who was of the rest rest of the fathers, who was of the nations, beyond the River, even to the entrance of Pisgah.
	For one of the rulers of the house of the other Most High, who is by the way of life as well as the other heaven, was overthrown as to the course of Pisgah.
	In the reign of laying for Jesus Christ, the power of God, and the strength of the cross which is at minister to the service of the cross, to preach the work of the cross.
	Now in the reign of ones there were.' (to be healed through the power of the cross, the power of God, whether by any kind of work which is in order unto the cross of the cross:)
	Now in the wilderness, in other tribes of shewing power and power, saying, Blessed be the fathers of our fathers, Jesus Christ;
	Now in Christ Jesus had ten years through the work of the cross, and in the power of Galatia and Tattenai, to the work of the cross, and of We should live by the cross of the cross.
	Now in lo felt, and in Judaea, and in the power of God my fathers, which is at hand as far as to the work of the cross:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We used advertising to generate interest in the product and then educated people on how to use it.
Top 25 Translations
	Then took we the coat of coats, and the mantles, and gave them liberty: and they look for the way, how they might be thought for him.
	We sought therefore to give them coats and mantles in our hands. Then they sat down to kill him, and some would have what they might do.
	Then asked we his coats, and the coats beyond us, and let us see what they will say. He did, and how they thought for him.
	And we gave's cause to receive the coat, and the cloke, and so much as they will do. And they pressed for him, and would have taken upon him.
	And we gave upon to received coat and especially the coats, and in However of them: and we pressed him whether he would do that he would do so.
	And we held the coat unto his servants, that they should be bound in the prison; and after that they had agreed together to take knowledge of him.
	And we took our putting brethren into prison, that they should be kept in prison; and after that they had bound themselves in the prison, wherewith they would take advantage of us.
	And we took counsel of them, that they should be bound in the prison, and put them to death; and after that they had lighted themselves in the prison.
	And we took his garments, and put put captains on them, and gave them to his servant; and then they communed with abide and spoke, as many as had been put to death.
	And we took both the chief men, and the coats, and put them to death in the prison; and when they had washed their clothes, they conferd with themselves what they should do.
	And how we would have delivered him to the men that were not lawful for good to put him to death, and to saith he, that we should not be condemned.
	And we anointed them, how we should take heed to give counsel among them that walk not after the tradition of the people.
	And how we kept back ourselves with an example, that so long as they ought not to love them, and not to burn them, for men through whom they would not be condemned.
	And we sprinkled no man what they should do, as they went with one mind, and took what they ought to do.
	And so we gave the people testimony, that they could not ought to take some occasion of bread, and to bodies how they might lives.
	And when we had taken our do among them also, we thought that we should go a man to his Jerusalem, to know what should happen after him.
	And when we had suffered their coats to labour, we appointed a servants to them, and brought them forth unto Jerusalem, what should a matter be done.
	And commanded us to take advantage of the ministering to them, and to put them to death after that we should know how we were appointed.
	And when we had nation an ark, we thought it should be that we might receive the office of victuals; and that what should we have more done to the people.
	Let us therefore give diligence to ourselves, and we will take part of it to the ministry, what we must walk after that we shall do.
	And let us keep the commanded of subjection, and of sound until we were: and so much the men beyond that we should put their leave to shame, and went from the most straitest.
	And because we had thrust back usury of oppression, and of patience, we determined to go with them unto the hope that they would be filled with every whereby they would not obey us.
	And let us say, that the whatever belonged to us we will need of death, and went their ways, spoiling that which was due unto them.
	And let us say, that the rest which was common to be spoken of, and to be loosed from them that were's covenant, should leave them, and go on our way.
	And let us say that it was truth to marry by mouth, and that if any man give any thing worthy of death, we would have an example to go and fro.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: It never occurred to me that Mike and Cherie's marriage was in any trouble.
Top 25 Translations
	This is my refuge and portion of my measures from me, of which I am set in distress.
	This is my portion of those who belong to me and to my account. I was made after this manner in my affliction.
	This is my portion of mine, and of whom I am; when I am in distress, even so is my portion.
	This is my portion of them that believe on me and on my part according to my joy, which was made manifestly in my affliction.
	According to my those things which were in me, so is my portion and my portion. For in this way, I became known to that in my affliction.
	For it is good for me to have nothing; neither is it profitable to any green thing, nor to all that is bowed down on the grass.
	"It is no better for me that I have escaped, neither is there any thing profitable to him who sees the grass, nor to all those who are on the grass.
	For he hath nothing against me, neither is there knowledge nor beast to any that is passed over, that is even to me.
	To do good and more than any tree, to the tops of the grass, and to every herb of the mountains, in their vain.
	She that hath no strength in me, nor any other; neither is there any better thing in me, neither is there any better that doeth good in all the grass.
	Lest I should have it always to rest, or had nothing to keep it still for ever.
	So then I would have done it for ever, more than for ever.
	"Therefore I should have this forever, that I would never be cut off forever.
	Lest I should have this for ever, and for ever:
	Then I would have this for ever, even it far off for ever.
	"Those who are in me there will always be cold and sulfur in the womb. They will not come out of it.
	"I have made them always to cease from it. Yes, those who are in the midst of my skin there will not be plucked up any of them.
	In me there shall be an abomination to me continually, with brimstone and brimstone in the womb of the pit of salt: this shall not be from it.
	"Those who are in me it will always be cut off, and will not be from it any more, if it is in the womb to come up.
	"For today I do them, and those who are in the womb of their destruction, they will not come forth from them.
	For this is not worthy of me, nor of my transgression, but in order before him.
	It is not innocent for me. The portion is torn before me, and the portion before me.
	For this is no cause to be innocent of my fault concerning me. Yes, it is torn in pieces before me.
	For this is no fault against me, nor promised that which is turn away from me.
	He is not worthy of blood because of me; neither is it a portion against me before thy face.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: All attempts to reach Darren at home on his phone met with failure.
Top 25 Translations
	And such as are any priest's house, as need not to come into an house together to love and to an end:
	and some men who are left to come not out of the house of Judas but a foreigner comes into the house.
	And such men are free from turning into houses, and will be comes into an house.
	and some men who are living out of the house will not enter into a kings' houses.
	And the strangers of ways will come to nought, walking in an house.
	And they went in, and found allowed no man to come in unto a house, (because that was not at all after some time met them,)
	They went away to the house by night in which all grown together, and not where having been our feet have been held in large places.
	They went away to the house where they were all recognized and weren't recognized together.
	And they went in their houses into the house from two or old; and they continued all night in the coming not after themselves:
	They all went in to the house where they didn't come with all one accord, having turned aside to a place from the sheep where they didn't lodge.
	And there sailed to one place, being in Galilee, at the thought that he might cleave to one fashion, and there returned to him a house.
	And being in the house of each other god turned, and entered into a house of prayer, at the same time.
	And there came over unto the house of one border, as far as it were a day's belt, and turned back, and went into one house.
	Now when he had taken leave of it, he departed to his house, entering into one street, and having sat down a great house.
	Now in the house of remembrance, as far as Christ meditated by the loins, we departed to one house, to the other side of the tent.
	The words of one who was far off, and the mouth of all other by name, every one swears by the door.
	The words are far off, and the word that is gone out of him in an even which is spoken, having an oath concerning his heart.
	The speech is far away, and the word that is in their heart. Every one of the words which he uttereth against the gate is at an end of his own heart.
	The speech is far away, and the word that is spoken concerning itself, even concerning all the words of one whose heart is at the entrance of the gate.
	It is far off, that I may hear, and be How greatly utter words of good words, which one goes out against the gate.
	who, willing to enter into his father's house with one mind, and doesn't walk according to the word of truth in Christ;
	who entered into our father's house with one mouth, and become one word, about which we wouldn't do well in Christ;
	Which is come into our father's house, and into the word of one shepherd, and taketh heed to sound doctrine.
	Who would enter into our father's house with one mind, and become one trumpet, after that ye went with a on behalf;
	who entered into the house of their fathers, and having walked in Christ, after the lusts of men in Christ, he ought to receive the unity of them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Any problems arising from the new contract are not my concern. I warned against signing it.
Top 25 Translations
	I will not discern a new witness, neither will I be a new witness. I have appointed a new sign to him, and both he will bear it.
	I have no new given forth, neither do I strengthen the time that it is meet: I have commanded a new sign to testify, and I have testified about it.
	I am a new witness, and I do not observe from the beginning. I have commanded a new sign to testify, and I have testified it.
	I will not make new pleads of truth: I have commanded a new sign to testify; and I have done it, and I have testified it.
	I have no new strife. I have commanded a new sign. I have commanded a new sign, and I have testified it.
	A new thing is not done in my anger, after that I have been poured out in your wrath. I testifying it against it, and testify against it.
	It is a new thing that thou shouldest wash thy wrath, then I am that I have testified against him to testify concerning this, and to testify against me.
	It is not a new thing to be poured out of his anger, neither is it after that I have testified concerning it, that I have testified about it, and testify against it.
	It is a new thing in your anger, after that you have drunk up the new wine. I testify against them, that they testify against me for a sign and for a witness.
	It is a new thing that goeth up from you, after that I have drunk of my wrath; I have testified against him, and against his witness, and shall testify against it.
	And bear the evidence of sin, and I am set not ashamed: but it hath commanded, that they should not be ashamed, neither a sign should be given unto them.
	None is sealed by the wrong of a new witness, which I commanded, that they should be disappointed, and that they should not receive the sign of it, nor testify of a witness.
	A new witness is sealed; and I am ashamed: and it cometh no miracle for a sign; neither cometh it in shame, nor a witness of it.
	A new testimony is sealed up for a new witness, and I am disappointed, and I have commanded my lying down, which it is not lawful for me to suffer, neither is it he offered up for me.
	And bear not a new witness, and I have laid it upon shame: that it may be ashamed, as I have commanded, and it should not be a witness, nor a witness, that I might receive the witness of it.
	I will preach a new witness over the sin offering. I will reveal it to myself; for I will bring forth my wrath on it, and it shall testify against it.
	I will not speak of that which is new, to be put to death: I will open it, and shew it; and I will testify against it.
	It is no new wine to show evil to you, neither is it hidden from me; but I will bring a sign against it, and will testify against it.
	I will not speak of the sins of sin, nor of mine trespass which I have wrought: I will declare it, and shew it unto me for a sign; and I will testify against it.
	It is no new commandment of sin, that I have putting it to death; but I will testify about it, and testify against it.
	Not that a new creature doth make a new seal, or confirmed it of sin, which I speak, because I bear witness of these things.
	Now a new creation is anything because of a new covenant, which is not pure. I testify to these things, that I also testify about these things.
	Now a new creation is anything without sin, that a man can bear a thousand years, and I am testifying about these things.
	As a new creation without sin, of which a man is not old, I testifying about it; for I testify about these things.
	A new testimony from man doesn't make war in war because of the truth, which I testify about these things.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The director was accused of being inflexible in the way he ran the company.
Top 25 Translations
	And as he journeyed, the man ran by the way, seeking to turn aside, after that he had called the two men.
	But as one having a controversy having a judgment, he turned and went on set his face to turn about, some of them.
	And as he was now accused of, the men turned and fled from the way; and they sought both men and them to be at the way.
	And as an adversary went, she turned and cried two men on the way, crying out a man to turn about the way.
	And as the manner of man was caused to flee out a way; and the man turned aside, and went to pursue two men on the way.
	He commanded the accusers to accuse the man who was in the way with and the ones who went on the way, by they came near to him.
	He pleads the cause of the cause. They both went on the way, and the men of war set themselves in array against the men of war.
	He commanded the judges that they should make their cause an answer, and that they should go on the way: he drew near and set his feet on the side of the men of war.
	He commanded the accusers to accuse them that they should go by the way; and the men of war were running to him.
	By the way that he commanded was an adversary, and they set themselves in array at the head of the men, both men and men of war.
	And they that were born unto him in the way stirred up the way, and strove; and the people ran unto him.
	And they which were born came up by the way, borders of the water: and the people ran upon them, and ran as they were.
	And they that were born went up by the way once, and drew unto a quarrel: and the people ran upon the way.
	And they that were born unto him came in the way, bringing up strife on the way, and ran upon them.
	And they that were born went up by the way door, and strove with strife. And the people ran upon the way.
	And they rebuked him, and ran in the way for men's dumbly to touch him.
	And they send for themselves also from judgment, and ran that they might be rebuked of the way.
	And they rebuked one the other, and him came in the way for to touch them.
	And they caused him to run for the error; and they ran in the way.
	They tried to recognize him, and to lead him in the way.
	And their accusers passed by, and went hardly unto the people, insomuch that they were accused of him.
	And the accusers, when they were accused of them, went on the way, crying out unto the people.
	And their accusers were toward the way, as they went by the way, to catch the people.
	And their men which were accused gone by the way, and ran unto the people, seeking to bring them in surely unto the people.
	And their accusers were in the way as they went, and drew themselves in the way as they went, they came to the people.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: In the tough economic climate, the company GTV has shrunk by over 40%.
Top 25 Translations
	And because there came great chief men to be at teaching- should be a good hair: Greeter also came to pass.
	And there came unto them certain beauty, as far as door in His house, which was the fair city: for thy good work was mount put to flight.
	And certain of the glorious Mostdon, which was the glorious one of these same came upon She room of inhabitants.
	There came over against pass the glorious gate certainly, as far as to fear, the goodly sons of at hid fellow some time.
	And certain men of earth pertained to come to had over against Gazaim, which is at hid from shore.
	And overtookim, and destroyed in the isle of Jair, which is in the edge of the island.
	And am going to Paphos, and the border of the isle which is in the isle.
	And without cause they were lifted up. And the border of the island was on the edge of the river.
	And over against eight years were they used to go toward Jonathan: and the border of the isle was on the shore of the valley.
	And overtookim was Lycil: and the border of the tower that was in the isle weree over against them.
	and it happened that we turn there to My place, and was until you come to My house:
	and it was so that, when I turned to My place, we gave it to Nethinim, and to the house of our father.
	And from Arah, and am over against Shen, and then to come to My house:
	And from My merciful, and beyond the tower of filled until thou came to My house.
	And when we went to My house, and becometh over against My country even unto the house of our God.
	But been found at Corinth, or at Corinth, where they went up to Ramah, and came up to the house of Micah.
	And it came to pass pass at Corinth, that the house of Micah went up to Ramah, and went up to the house of Micah.
	But the house of Micah at finding a certain means, being in Jaka, he went up to Rebekah's house.
	But it happened at Corinth, that he went up with continual brothers to Rebekah's house.
	And it came to pass at visions, that the house of Micah was too hard for him: but he ascended up to the house of Micah.
	And there was a man whose name was going out to lay hand on an Zechariah, whose border came to known the border of His off to His left hand.
	There were who went out to won't beyond the Jordan. This is the border of the cometh of His thing that comes to Lycia.
	There were some who went out to pour out a straight way at wings. The border of laying the border of commanding Every side of come to His left hand.
	There was a man who would betray him, under the side of the think that was the inheritance of the city of Hit light who comes from the border.
	And there went out a border over against an hillccording to lay hold on border: and the border of because of His father-in- oil was strong.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse has caused life expectancy to fall in some countries.
Top 25 Translations
	And shall cut off them that are disobedient to the evil lived therein, and speak evil of the common things of life, which are grievous to the time of life:
	And that bringeth evil things to nought, and violence to the workers of fire, and to the covetous women that are given to life, to walk evil and to cause to Of life in the midst of the earth.
	and will make those who are once weak and burned in blood to the afflicted and to the workers of iniquity, to bring a man who wouldn't have means of life on the earth.
	and will cause the time to cease from nature. Since the sexual immorality of mighty men, the women who shed life on the earth, to bring life everlasting life on the surface of the earth.
	But hath borne to them that are evil, to the full of vow, of violent men, to be their manner, and to walk to souls, to bring to pass the sil life of the earth.
	For they that be a whore of adultery and wicked workers do evil; that they which do not lose their lives into everlasting lives, even as it is not in the midst of them.
	For they that be a whore of adultery and evildoers do evil, that they which are not corruption be nigh to their own life.
	For they that shall be led astray by the woman into set forth their lives, that they may not be in corruptible, neither be life in them.
	For they that are a harlot of an adulteress and wicked doer do evil; and they that trust in their works they may not inherit everlasting life.
	For those who are a prostitute and workers of blood do evil; that they who are deceived not perish, but their life may not be in the midst of them.
	Against them that curse unrighteousness, and doting evil, which is evil, and full of life, by which they call not life: whose lives is not east, they have no king over them.
	But he that denieth persons, and worketh increase, worked evil of side, and nighing of error: for they have no corruption, neither shall they live everlasting life among the Gentiles.
	Those who forbear, reprove evil, and sown in covetousness, who turn away evil things: and they have no assurance of life, but they are not circumcised by the lusts of the nations.
	Again, he who denie evil, cleanses, and evil entreatedity, who works evil things among the nations, through which they have not received, and life, that they may not be disappointed among the nations.
	Against them that concerning tribulation must be evil spoken against, which are simple, and shall not be raised up. These things are their called abroad among the nations, they have not received their lives:
	And they that be afflicted with use use wrought evil, and have to save souls alive concerning the destroyer, at the milling of the pit.
	But those who are afflicted by evil turn aside to the taken away evil, and speaking to the snares of pleasure, that they may save souls alive.
	and those who are self-control and evil spirits; who turn aside to be led away by Gehenna words of life, to deliver who are crushed by the snares of death.
	And unto them that are seen with God are such as do evil; and those that are ready to deliver life from the snares of corruption, and to save such as are able to live.
	But those who are self- feast for;) and those who are workers of flesh, to deliver souls to alive in the snares of the pit, and to save life from the lions.
	nor covetous, nor immoral, nor stand in place, but in every place where the violent man revealed to be stumble, is determined to be found worthy of hearing.
	For she is a companion and profane man, if they be found guilty, and bring an evil report among falseies, and have been set in order for and wherever they stumble.
	Whosoever shall have no small among you, an evil doer, or a robber, shall be destroyed in any thing whereby he is able to suffer both to be offended.
	For neither high priest nor extortioners, nor many away, nor flesh, will be established in any wherever you desire.
	For sexual immorality, and the sexually immoral, and the evil news, and lie in wait, being for fear to be occasions and to be found in wherever he is.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The words of his resignation letter implied he was unhappy with several of his former colleagues.
Top 25 Translations
	And the saying was opened, and the letter was opened by him, and the mouth which was declared before him.
	The letter of this letter was open, and the letter that oracles by letters was given to him.
	The word of the letter was opened, and the mouth which was spoken by letters which he wrote before him.
	The letter of this letter was open, and the letter that the letter was established by, and it was opened.
	The saying was opened, and it was revealed by mouth which he spoke before by the letter.
	The letter of the letter is written in this book: he who is partial in the word of his admonition, he is able to testify the Word of instruction.
	The writing of this letter is written: he is able to bear the words of mouth. For he is a good man, that he should testify somewhat of the words of instruction.
	The writing of this letter is like this: he is the faithful to teach by the word of truth.
	The letter of the letter is like letters, who, because he does the first such things as he did, and the last day.
	And the saying of his letter is written, and he is a faithful man, that heareth the words of knowledge, and in his own words.
	The letter of the letter is concerning him who was first in many letter (and his own letters to belonged to the mystery),
	The writing of those who letter is like that of the Absalom; for he was Also in front of the letters, as much as he made known in front of the letter.
	The letter of his letter was fulfilled, who also was sent to him in bonds, whom he supposed that he was according to his letter.
	The letter of this letter is the speeches of none other men's letters: for in latter letter he was near to make known by him.
	The letter of the letter is like this: who was before him in charge of all letter, even as he was sent for finding a mystery.
	in whom, when the letter happened that they should be made known by him, and have testified before him by whom they had seen concerning him,
	in whom the letter was written through our letter, and revealed, was made known by him in a book of whom he had found out of him.
	in whom, having our letter made known, his testimony is now made to us, and that before his face was determined to be made known by him.
	in whom, when the letter was confirmed, was read, and brought before him a message, even that he should be revealed by him.
	in whom the letter was made known by letters, and the magistrates were made very plainly, because before in him has been made known to us by him.
	The Word of his throne was opened. This is the word which he spake by the former words, the which he spake, that he was bare bare witness of himself.
	The words of his warfare were opened; even as he was the oracles of man, the word which came to him concerning his own counsel, they testifying of him.
	The matter of his life was opened, because it was the word which was spoken by the message of the man, who testified about it, and he testifies about it.
	The matter of his lips was opened, because that which was spoken by the formerness of the man, the word of God came, and he bear witness of himself.
	The Word of his throne was opened; even of the oracle which he spoke, the Word of the man; and he was able to bear witness in himself.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Thomas never disclosed the negative role he had in taking over the company
Top 25 Translations
	Nor do it plots. The messenger received the multitude, and the ones tried to hear all things concerning the multitude.
	Not a word but whatsoever came to any thing, neither my messenger had heard any thing, neither had the messengers told it any thing to ruler among the people.
	But in nothing beyond the multitude. The messenger received the multitude, and commanded them to speak something was heard in the matter of the multitude.
	Not that any thing was spoken through the multitude to do them, but the messenger was sent when no one to know what it was done to him.
	But in nothing dos ask him, and the messenger has been proclaimed by the multitude to hear all things concerning the multitude.
	And Thomas, willing not to see any man, except his hands were covered with the ointment.
	And Thomas could not shew any man unto him, except the ointment were covered with his hand.
	And Thomas could not shew to any man that he had fastened his hands, and was covered with the ointment.
	And Thomas could not shew to any man that he had fastened his hand, and was clothed with a ointment.
	And Thomas could not shew any man to him, except the ointment were covered with his hand.
	But Thomas couldn't strengthen himself at the right hand of the Father, which was before he had taken up, that he could not fore have broken the boat.
	And yet Berechiah could not bear hold on the putting of the ship, even on the two sides of the boat; and not in the border of him which is at one side, suffer.
	Now Thomas could not embrace that he had in the coast of his father, who was very little; and not, that he might bear the right hand of the Father on the other side.
	Now Elon could not have taken hold on the right hold of the devil, about the still he couldn't remove his face, after he had done it.
	And families could not bear the right of the ship before it was given to him by the father of a place of go with him into the other side that was before he.
	For we are not ready to follow the ship of our fathers because of the fear of God: but as of a certain woman, though it were possible for the fear of our fathers.
	Now are we without fear, in that time have no fear of shown the ship of the its fathers, who are gone astray by the ship, brought forth out of our fathers.
	But whereas Christ Feard not, in that he void the boat of the ship, when he was in bondage, he bare not to our fathers.
	but given forth to have our fathers that we should not fear; that we should be delivered up by the boat of the boat into the power of our fathers.
	but of the hard time, not knowing the service of the ship, which is in terror, made it desolate with our fathers,
	And Thomas, when he heard that he had put his hand in the ship, was about to hear the ship; and that he perceived not that it was a ship laid in his hand.
	And Thomas, bound his hand in the ship, knew not that he put his hand into the ark: and if it were possible, he wist not that he had put his hand to hold the boat.
	Now Thomas, having put his hand to the boat, heard that he had brought the sword in his hand. Don't know that he had put his hand into the boat.
	And Thomas, when he had heard that the ship had put his hand to the ark, knew not that they had put his hand under a multitude of brass in the boat.
	And Thomas, having put in his hand to the ship, heard that he had put in his hand; and not knowing that they had put in the ship's hand.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Dr Hartson is an animal expert, but I don't believe the scope of his expertise is as wide as you think.
Top 25 Translations
	Hereby findeth men, and they keeping the day of his strength; and I am not able to believe him, though ye see the deep, and believe him not.
	Hereafter findeth him, and keepeth not the day of his glory: and I trust ye in him, if ye see him not, though ye have seen his power, and believe him not.
	Hereby findeth a man, that is in him not ashamed of his power: and I believe not, when ye see him, because ye have seen his power, and believe not.
	He that worketh righteousness seeketh; and he that keepeth his glory keepeth not; and I, whom ye see, if ye see not, I will believe in him.
	Hereby seek to see men, but they keep not by the day of his might. When ye see the deep, I will not believe them, as it is in the depth of him.
	He is the kindness of the animals. But their own selves they don't believe, as you suppose, that you didn't believe them.
	Again, he keepeth his seal for the beasts of the beast: but their confidence I will not believe them, as ye thought to do unto me.
	Again, he is the tower of the beast: but their judgment is as Yea, and I believe them not, as ye do.
	He is the confidence of animals, and his judgment is perfect; so that I have not believed in them, as ye thought to do to them.
	This is possessy of the animals. Their own selvess are very far. I don't believe them, as you suppose,
	Also the beast of the field, which is wild beasts, bear witness, though they be so distressed that I am he; and ye believed not that I am he.
	There is another reason of the beasts of the world: and the things that I see, even as I think to come unto you; and I will not believe them.
	And these are the beasts of the beast: but I know that ye seek them not so as I have done, because ye would have not believed.
	Also the beast of the field, which is between them, believeth not, when I come into them; that ye might believe them not that I came near unto you.
	He carrieds part of the beast to his place; and as I said, ye believe not that I am he; so I say, and ye believe not.
	Ye know not that after a strange god is in your confidence, wherein ye think that I have trusted in him, even so I will be in you of the confidence which I have in you.
	Ye know not the certaintying thing that ye thinketh it, even as it is in your trust, that I might believe in it.
	Knowing that there is no different thing with you, which ye think to be less than other men; and I believe that ye have been confident of this same though ye believe.
	Ye know not that after a strange anything, wherein ye are gods: and I believe that ye believe in the same sufferings which I am set in you, as though ye would believe.
	Ye see not what is become of no value thing, but as ye see: I trust in the confidence which I said unto you, that ye might believe.
	Now therefore a certain number of the cattle of this just, that I may know how ye ought to speak; but the same is with which ye would not believe.
	Now therefore a small number of cattle is too small for me: but as I said, so I will not believe that ye should be afraid, till I have shewed it.
	Whereas the price of a truth is, so that there is no other cattle; but I don't believe in the Lord, as I said, who for you wouldn't believe.
	So the pure of the flock is with a worth of cattle: but I trust not to come as ye would; for I believe that ye would do it.
	Now therefore the price of this rest, that she hath much cattle; but I trust not in the things which ye have sent me to you, as I would do unto you.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We understand it's late and we don't mean to impose, but we have some important questions for you.
Top 25 Translations
	We speak not these things: I would not consider any man, but those which have not known them; neither said we of you.
	Now we did not know the things, except they were of men, to be understood what is judgment: but we murmur against you.
	We don't know these things, but we perceive them whatever we say, and don't understand the things of you.
	Now some have had knowledge of you by telling the things, and not by man; whose hearts you speak, but we reason of you.
	We couldn't know the things which we didn't know, but the things which were written, that some ought to reason about you.
	For we don't say of these things to you, but to your good pleasure, and do the things that you want to stand, for we are full of these things.
	For we mean not these things; but whatsoever we say, that will we be ready to hope, and as it was think of you:
	But we are not of these things; but as of ourselves, and of your mind, and of that which we have prepared for you, even so we are His.
	For we mean not these things concerning these things, but give account of your account accounts for us.
	For we are not of these things unto you, but of your will unto us work, because our own purpose is good.
	For we know not these things, but of men. We don't want it to be cast away, but we are ready to make ready for you.
	For we don't know these things, but because we don't do these things, that we may be prepared for your sakes.
	For we don't know these things, but for your sakes we are not away. But as we are ready to make ready for you.
	For we don't know what these things we don't know. For we are not flee away to anyone, but ourselves also to prepare for you.
	For we don't know what these things we have from anyone, but what we have, and that we seek for you.
	For we know not that we know them, neither do we know him: for we seek ye one, that we will be like unto you.
	For we know not this, that we are sacrificed unto you; for we seek you.
	For we don't know what these things we don't know, neither do we know him: for we desire that you do what we ask.
	For we don't know what we know, neither do we know; for we seek your own self.
	For we know not that we are such, but we don't know this, because we ask it of you.
	For we did not know these things, neither did we what was any thing for another: but we would do, that ye might be ready.
	We didn't know what these things we did before, but for it was far from us: for you, do that which is good, and therefore we prepare that which you have prepared.
	But we didn't know these things, neither do we follow ourselves, but we did know it; for you were prepared for it.
	For we don't know these things, but we didn't know what we did not say; and you were ready to prepare that which you had prepared.
	We didn't know these things, but we didn't understand these things, and we didn't do them; for you now make ready yourselves to be ready.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: On arriving at the theatre, the Queen was presented with a large bouquet of tulips by a young girl.
Top 25 Translations
	And in the border of Aphek, nigh unto righteousness, were war: and this was the son of free woman, whose name was worked in the house of one of the never.
	And the Jesus of the same came unto Ophel: and so was as hard, the sons of turned to Ben-aram, the son of turned to wife.
	And in Aphek was men of Beth- oil work over against goeth, and they had the sons of rendered light, the son of cast it as great as wife.
	And in mount Aphek, early in the midst of them were goes, and over against them the children of knowledge, which fencedth the son of free woman.
	And the sons of pass over to Aphek; none of them went over against them: and continue the sons of linen, the son of turned the end, who was of the sons of Merari.
	In the next day, in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, the same hour was their feet to go out, and they were by her side in the seventh house of But, as she was put to death.
	In the third part of the disciples according to the first bear their feet, in the fourth year of moved with his feet to goeth up; and the damsel was by her who was slain at the door of the women.
	On the other side, as one who was the yielded to stuck, stretched forth his feet to keep a certain while, at the seventh time with a servant woman who was a handmaid.
	In the third year of doctrine, as much as belonged to offer feet, was her brought to triumph. Now she was in her become the child-in-law.
	In the third part of the month, which is the seat that lies on say, Their feet were made straight, even in the same hour.
	and on his head passed to Aphek, who had the high house among the dealt proclaim: howbeit the daughter of porters was Shean the father of goeth out.
	And on his head was lay over the left hand, Sheva, which was the eighth: and his sons as much as they were that were of the same way.
	And upon the head there was false sons to Jehiel: but the daughter of spoken was laying with the daughters of Tabbaah.
	And in his head was Melah the same, that was a city of The same: and his daughters were following the daughters that were in B still the same.
	And in his head was laying on the head, Jehiel, whose daughters were to lay possessions like that were born unto Haahashth.
	The children of Azgad, who were numbered of the fountain in Beno, were home with the woman who was everyone of the daughters of Azgad.
	And the children of Azgad, which were on this side Jordan in the field: and there were the men of still assigned, a woman with her that was lifted up.
	The caravans of Gad, who were in Beth close, were men of the song: and the sons of Azgad were with the women who were in lifted up.
	The troops of Azgad were, men of Beth Rehob, who were in Beth Zur; and the lieers with the women who were in lifted up.
	And the caravans of Azgad were, which were in heaven: and the children of right men were with the women that were understanding in O divideth the daughter of Azgad.
	Now Ephah, which is by the may be fulfilled, was given to Michal, the daughter of E slay two young lady, from the top of the hill that was given unto him.
	Now Ephah, which was by the spake ofim, had two sons, a she Babylon on the top of the young goats, that were born unto him.
	Now Ephah, there was who was by the lot for the sons of young lady, whose two daughters were, that were, from the top of the young lady, was given to him.
	Now Ephah, which is by interpretation, was at hand a woman which took two young pigeons, on the top of the young maidens, which were with her two sons.
	Now Ephah, that is by the border of Caleb, the maid that was given to the young lady, her two daughters that were born from her sister, who was of the second woman.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The suspect's complaints about his treatment by police were noted and he was taken into custody.
Top 25 Translations
	When Herod had given him permission, and had bound up the salutation, he was bound in prison with supposing to have he kept them in prison.
	And Herod, having kept back himself bound to the salutation which he had not with him, but kept his commandments, he kept him in prison.
	And Herod, having asked them leave of the salutation which he served by him, was at the table, and kept him in custody.
	When Herod had examined the salutations, he was arrested, and kept back by name, he was kept with the soldier who saw not his own was in front of him.
	And when Herod had agreed with his own saluted him, he was thrown into prison for the south things which he had not with him.
	And John was taken up, and found him not: for he was led with him to be kept in prison.
	And John was taken, and found him not, because he was not taken up: into prison, he was led in prison.
	And John was not taken away: but he was led forth with child, and was kept in prison.
	And John was taken, and was not taken: he was led out with him to be kept in prison.
	And he was not found, because he was not mine. And was led into prison, he was laid in prison.
	And he was not with him; but knew that he had not known what was done.
	He was not found him, because he knew what was done to him.
	He was not yet thrown into custody, but he didn't know what he had done.
	And he was not found, because he knew not what was done to him.
	And he was not found him, because he knew what had been done to him.
	And was taken of the chains that John had bound with chains, and he was not holden to be kept in prison.
	And he was holden with the chains that John had bound: and he was not shut up in the prison, because he had bound him with chains.
	He was taken in the bands of his wrath, according to the captivity which he had bound him up in chains: and he didn't put him in prison.
	He was taken in the hands of John, while he was bound with fetters, and didn't put him to death.
	Because he had beenlls bound with chain, he was bound in the prison, and he didn't go out with them all the while John was bound.
	John was buried in the castle, not by his will, but by him to the barracks.
	John was borne with him as a slave, not with hands, but with the power of an hand, and returned to the barracks.
	And John was taken in the castle to the castle, not knowing the will of him, but was taken with the hand, and given to him to be carried into the castle.
	John was taken with hands to the castle, not knowing of his will, but was taken into the barracks to the barracks.
	Now John was taken with the hands, and was taken into the castle, but he wasn't yet known by his will.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "We will surely lessen our problems if we work together on a solution."
Top 25 Translations
	For we can't serve ourselves now, unless we go up and work, and as we may do whatever is worthy of all things."
	For we will walk soberly in the way, and more than at least in the work, if we do nothing worthy of these things."
	For we will go up and do what we must say; but the more than we can't do anything."
	For we can do this thing, and the work, because we are doing good and right in a man's work.
	For we will do what we may go up and do; but we are about the least things, both what we, and so much as we can't do."
	By doing we also will serve, and we will take part of the corner.
	Also, if we continue also, we will take our lack of It, and we will continue in it."
	If we also will continue in doing anything, we will bind the stone away from you."
	For we will give this office to him, if we don't work, we will take part of his Thou."
	If we shall still work, we will take your office, and we will take the coat of money."
	For if we must do nothing from where we can do this work, how much more will we do the work?
	For we can do any thing there, except it be so much as we ought to do.
	For we can do nothing from there, except that we should do this will be commended in the part of it."
	For now we can do nothing from thence, but what if our work is done in due place.
	For how much less we must build this work, and how much more to do the things we shall be able to do in part of it?
	But we ought to do his work, and to the ministry of his wife.
	But to do the will of our Lord, and to his wife, and to his wife.
	But we desire to do the will of his wife, and to his wife.
	Let us consider how we will go up and do all the work, to do the Lord's, and to his wife.
	But we desire to do the work and to the wife, and to every man's wife.
	But we will surely perform our work, and we shall do it, and we will work this day; and it shall be, that we may be one, and we will be one flesh.
	It shall surely be, that we may do what we will work, and then we will work the day when we are doing; that we will be one, and we will be one flesh.
	But we will surely perform, and we will do it, and we will work for our ways; and the same day will we deal with them, and we will be one flesh.
	But we will surely do it, and we will do whatsoever thing it be done: we will not do this day, nor we will be found one flesh.
	We will surely perform the work of our hands; and so we will do this day, and we will be one man; and we will be one flesh in this day.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We paid the lawyer to draw up a totally new will, one which left the three boys much better off.
Top 25 Translations
	For we must receive a new child there, which is, if we are receives three times, let us remain there:
	For there we receive also three new devils from them to whom we may receive again, that we may leave newly the Son of man.
	For we must receive a new lion from there, and we will eat three things from there.
	For we must have a new season from there, even three sons from there would cast lots for us a new son.
	For we must receive a new covenant there, which is a new lump, if we should have a new child there.
	And we have a new child, who shall call us new distress, that we may be counted a new child, that all the children which are able may serve the renewed.
	Let us every one of us have a new child, that shall put in subjection to the burden of the flesh, and to the hundred, that there may be a few little child.
	And we have a new child, that we which should be scattered; to them that are alone the flesh, and to new children, as it is up for a new child.
	And we have a new child in those that trouble you, that they which are appointed to us may be a new son to those that are appointed out of the loins.
	We are left but a new child by those who call him for the punishment of our deliverance, that we may be counted as a new child.
	We will call my master, and let us leave some little sons' wives, and will bind them in inquired of the things that are began to escape."
	We will call our lord a new sons, and there will be a few young men here; and we will bind a few things which are commanded by Benjamin."
	We will call their lord, and will leave of them three sons. There will be no more a few men in see the things which are spoken to them."
	We will call their lord a new man, and will leave some of it until the left thereof; and that which leaveth not a few, leave few things, and let us leave a few.
	We will call their lord, and other three sons. There will be a few who can do so much as is going on their way."
	And we will give every man a new gate, even as he hath said, They shall even be the remnant that are left in part of the gates, that every one may give account of his glory.
	And we will take from them one new gates, and from another child's house to make us a new noise, even the remnant that shall be left.
	Let us take the new gate, which is from the beginning, to be a new commandment, and even the rest which will be left every man's son to raise up.
	Now we will give one new doors concerning the gates, that one may wives be left even to another, and we will each take a new child from the old gate."
	We will give to each one of us a new door, to the things which are left about him from the beginning. "To this end we will give the Son also."
	Let us therefore give grace to the people, and they to the third part of them from there; for the Son of Man is greater than three.
	And let us go again unto three new offerings: and let us make a new shittim savour: for the third son is greater than he.
	From there let us go three new gain to such things as are, and the third together is, and the Son is more feeble than the three.
	Let us therefore give grace unto three thousand, and let us sell therefore unto them, and the third state be more able to bear three sons.
	Let us therefore give again to people, and we will continue in three witnesses: for the three sons of the three shall be tenderly few.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The optimum time for making decisions is lunchtime.
Top 25 Translations
	For judgment is a day of judgment: when it is time to come, they shall call a man of strife.
	A time to shew the day of judgment: it is a time of strife, a time of strife.
	For judgment is the day of judgment; and when it is time, they shall keep it a time of strife.
	A time to execute judgment is for judgment, even a time to avenge, that there may be strife.
	A time to shew the judgment of judgment: it is a time of strife to come.
	A fulfilled is the day of judgment: this is the time for a time to come.
	A man's days are fulfilled for the day of judgment: this is the time to come.
	According to the day of judgment: this is the time to come, even the time of judgment.
	According to the day of judgment is great, when it is past, of a time.
	A set time for the day of judgment: this is the time to come.
	and the border of it is at the same time:
	and the border of it is on this side, when men call it by their own hand.
	"'The border of it is come to pass, when You come from it is born whence you are strong.
	And their border was unto them a time time when ye were in the name of the LORD.
	And these are the border of it on the side of the rockas- each day:
	It is an evil time and contention: the ways of a man are foolishness.
	For their contentions is as evil When it is wickedness, and the work of men is foolishness.
	For where envying is, there is as idle times; and the works of men are foolishness.
	It is an evil report, and a false time: but the ways of man are foolishness.
	For a He that is mad is of strife, and evil in the sight of men is foolish.
	and turned about to Damascus on our journey, and from there he will be a set time for the set time in order.
	and return to make's pieces of time set apart from him, and it shall be to you as wisdom in the latter days.
	And not that we will set time in mind, but in order the time appointed we shall be far off from you.
	And from henceforth, when he was at hand, ye laid aside that we might set sail the base.
	And labouring goat on his part at hand; that ye may remove the judgment seat.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The elderly patient was considered too frail to survive an operation.
Top 25 Translations
	But his head wait for patience, and who wait for for it, to the door of destruction.
	But his head wait for God, and for the moment of his power:
	But his head wait for saving. They turn aside to him who is endure wait for the shadow of his head.
	But his head wait for patience, and who waiteth for me, to the end.
	Their heads will be patiently patient, looking for judgment, and for those who desire endureth for a destruction.
	And they made strife with the elders, and took a man of understanding, that they should not dwell in him all the days of his life.
	And they stirred up the elders, which had done good things, and had not kept judgment upon them that were now all their days.
	They rose up inclosed the well, a discretion of the elders. They didn't find in peace all the days of their life.
	And they rose up kindness to to depart with the elders, and walked not in judgment till all the days of their life.
	And consulted with the elders, and strove: and they could not dwell in judgment all the days of their life.
	And the elders being endured, and were instant, because they knew not the scripture of strife.
	The elders must be gentle, and be patient; they didn't know the certainty of those things which they ought to speak.
	The elder, being patient by knowing nothing, is quiet with strife, and doesn't find out strife.
	The elders, being patient, went forward, and didn't know it by strife and gentleness.
	The elders have be patient in spirit. They don't know what they are gentle and lowly.
	The elders could not hold a strife, neither was the strife of One to depart from strife.
	The elders could not stop strife, neither was the controversy of fools found out.
	The elders could not keep silence, neither were they freed from strife.
	The elders could not hold a contentions from them in judgment.
	The elders could not hold out strife, neither were they due to him who rebuked strife.
	And his head thought that he would forest suffer violence, as a cloke that but he were able to perform it.
	And they thought it hard upon their heads, that they would do no good thing.
	They were willing to do so with them, that they supposed that they wouldn't do this thing.
	And his head provoked him to do well: and they counted a cloke, lest they should do the things which were right.
	And his head thought that he should suffer violence, but that he could do no good.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Last Sunday, the highest temperature in recorded history was registered.
Top 25 Translations
	Thus spake Jotham, and covenanted with the ancient days.
	Now what was spoken in the days of Jotham, the high priest, saying,
	The days of Men were written in the his Paul, and the name of the most High.
	Now in the day of Abijam, and in the days of the high priest, thus said the word of God.
	Now in the day ofim, and in the days of high king Hezekiah, spake he, saying,
	And the evidence of the loins was written in the book of found, whose loins were written in the chronicles of the kings.
	And there was written in the book of the chronicles of him that was hanged, and the sister of his loins was Mary.
	And there was written in the book of the seven atonement, which were made of the loins's loins;
	And in the book of He wrote with a girdle of the loins of Helah, who was written in the book of He.
	The children of Because, who was written in the book of the chronicles of the Levites, were written in the book of He.
	And Cush the son of Remaliah was higher, and above the high was his name, and his name was sons' and his brethren.
	And next to him wasyond the high and higher, Jehulah the son of Anath, who was higher than the rocks.
	And Coz the son of Anath was more high than of the south: and his mother was ruler over the sixty and eight years.
	And next him was Shamgar the son of Anath, who was exalted: and his mother's name was more than a sapphire.
	And Coz the son of Shameh, an high look, and over it was the inhabitants of the city.
	And C words were done in male and done Abijam: and the records that was written in the book of the chronicles.
	And every thing that was done in Lahmoth, and in Paroth, and the book which was written in the observe of the chronicles.
	And Jaoth, and Lahmam, and that belonged to Parzai, was knew of the records.
	And this was done in Abi- cover. And over the turning of the above was Jeremiah's shewed him.
	And came to male and reigned in Abijam: and this was written in the eyes of the kings.
	The son of joinedai, the Spirit of doves, was with the testimony of him.
	And Why was fathers', and kept record, for they were found that were with him.
	The high places were Micah, and male testimonys, the witness that was in the midst of him.
	And Jakam was a has high place ofim, and kept witness in the name of the LORD.
	And An evil spirit, and a tell manna, was his witness in that which was with him.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
Top 25 Translations
	And Uz begat make of Greets. But that which is deadly died is dead, and is dead.
	And Uzen whoever maketh a Reon, and old field; which die in death is dead, and is dead.
	and Moza died, and old die in death. Yes, the dead body is dead, and all kinds of bodies are dead.
	and Buz became the sanctuary. Since the great slaughter, the deadly died in the death of all the dead.
	and Uzh, and scribes. All the die, and the deadly bodies are raised up to death.
	"A would have a wall of divider work, as much as it is time in the Jubilee; the father of the ones shall surely die.
	The son of aneth, a number of waters, an omer's wife; and the God of born in Israel shall be surely put to death.
	A empty- ones, a man of iniquity, is one of the children of both her enemies: the sixth part of him shall surely be put to death.
	Now both the compasseth that is in Amab, and the plague of him that hath an end, the sixth part of it shall surely be put to death.
	"The life of a devourer is an abomination to the one who is Gad: the ox shall surely die.
	And Ben- certain years old passeth away, and the edge of the fire asunder, and die, and are dead: what is the done of the rod that is in vain?
	And high things are cut off, and Jezreel; and the edge of the fire that dieth, and is death: but what is the work of him that is in vain?
	The sound of A putting away. The end of Beth Peor is spent. They perish, but what is vanity?
	And reigned in Teman: and the end of that which is left was the whole valley of Miniim, and the staff that is in the air is vanity.
	And the sound of the glory that goeth about, and the valley of Mini on an valley is spent: and what is the abroad of heart that are vanity?
	A sword is for the dead who are carried away captive, even the dead. It is more abundant than death.
	A rebuker is a noise of him who is full of deadly wounded. It is better for me to die than to die.
	The sound of a die for the dead. For all thickness is far away, but in death is far from the dead.
	A sound of nobles is a noise of death to one who dies of life. All there is a commandment very far from him.
	A wife is a noise of him who dies on a good spirit of deadly wounded; and in so great a very violence is dead.
	For the vanity without vain is sown in vain: for the saving part of the world perisheth, and is dead: so that the evil thing dieth from evil shall die.
	For the vanity of vain crieth in vanity; and the casteth out, and the thing perish not: so death shall be done away from evil.
	For the vanity of vain doth blow, and the holiness of the souls: for that it is done of evil, and is nigh unto death.
	For the Shall be sown in vain: for the served of the soundness is departed from the wise, and everything that dies of it shall die.
	For the burning bloweth through vain; and the sown is consumed of itself: but the corrupt shall die of evil.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The customs officer was suspicious and called the man over to inspect his luggage more closely.
Top 25 Translations
	And when the judge was come, he called unto him the one of the rulers, and began to grieve him also to be very heavy.
	And when the judges judged, they called the head of him, and began to look upon him a very little man.
	And when the judges were come to, they called the head of him, and asked him of him how he was at peace with him.
	And when the judge was come, he called the head, and called the heaven, and afar off the vial, and made very sorrowful, and sought in his countenance.
	And there was a judgment made for the judges, and she called the head, and went, and found none to look for the service that was done to the one.
	But the chief captain, willing to bring these things to, called men, and assembly became captain of the likeness of others.
	But the chief captain, desiring to be brought to him, having an uproar, sent, took counsel of a better person, made himself more perfectly.
	But the chief captain, willing to do this thing, sent by him to call men a heavenly form, and to take for himself a far from him.
	But the chief captain, willing to do this thing, called men, and embraced it a better form, having more exacted of him.
	When the commanding officer had come, he sent for a man to call him How he was taken by men, and commanded him to be brought again by himself.
	The custom of this man was thought, What manner of defiled I had been judged by the judges? and this man was a manner of man.
	So the custom of this man was teaching, "I'm according to your name." He was like this man.
	The custom of this man was asked for a man of whatsoever he was commanded, there was a man of justice, who had done this thing.
	This man was faithful in known to what case it was said, "I find in accused of. I was brought to you a man.
	This man was asked for custom, "I finding a judge!" Now it was he who had been made a judge for myself.
	But when the queen spake, there was a regarding, and every man had been called in his own fury by the hand of every man.
	Then when the princes were amazed, and there was a great dispute, which every man were called in his own fury.
	And when the wrath of the princes was committed, so that he was called, and every man had his countenance by the space of his wrath.
	And when the princes were astonished, every man was brought unto him: and he was called in his countenance, which he had taken with the fury of God.
	But when the princes were astonished, one was brought unto him a man of whom the anger of the LORD was kindled by the hand of every man.
	And there was a man named his rest, which said, That this man was made known to this man.
	And there was a certain scribe named he, which should be a shepherd of this man.
	And there was a certain lawyer made a man, which was the chief doing this fellow in the name of the Lord Jesus.
	But the same scribe was made a folly in this man, when he was about to speak, he was made a servant to this man.
	And there was a certain scribe named Agabus, which said, This man letters to God, even to this man.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Are these old plates of vital importance or can I put them into storage?
Top 25 Translations
	They are joined to one form: wilt thou not hide them at thy borders?
	They are joined to one hour, or cannot I put them into the hand of the can't bear them?
	They are altogether joined to one form. Won't I put them into the border?
	These are one thing that I should do so: shall I not set it in my border?
	They are joined together one to another. Can it not be so in the borders of their border?
	They are a heritage to one ring, though they are His hair: if I cann't put them into my barns?
	When they are wrapped in a bag of heads, though they were full of the heat, wouldn't I put them into the barn?
	Though they be whole together, yet will I not lay them down by reason of the hair of their head, and surely I will not put them into the treasuries?
	Though they were rebuked together, though they had the hairs of their heads, wouldn't I put them into my treasuries?
	They are all side of one stick, and become burning heat: yet if it be not in the bag, are I not put into the barn?
	These are the ancient, and these are ancient. Shall I be glad and bear up?
	Which were ancient and old, when I could number them in secret?
	Are they ancient, and chief? When I am old, then do I put them into mind?
	These are the ancient and old, when I can't attain these things?
	Which were old and ancient? Are I better than they?
	Can these be broken in pieces, or understand who they are old indeed, that I should not put them into a border?
	When they are but a long time, when it is trodden down, shall I not put it into the border thereof?
	When they are new and old, am I not able to lay it in the border of it?
	When they are but a moment, do they not enter into the breadth of it?
	When they are past, (for it is old), can't I put it into my border?
	Are they alone without one? and who can bring him into the midst of another?
	Aren't they one thing? Or who can say, "With what then should I have brought it?"
	Are they not all alone? and who can say, "Who can bring it into our own sight?
	Are they not all numbered? and who can say to him, "Who then can bring them into one hour?
	Are they not all able to bear? or who then can say, "Who can put me into a basket?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The humble bee, so often taken for granted, plays a key role in agriculture.
Top 25 Translations
	The meek also shall be given to him: that the poor may give it unto him.
	The meek and the clean man shall be given to it: and the poor shall give it unto him.
	The meek also shall be given to the poor, and the few shall give it unto him.
	But the meek and poor is given; and the less man to whom it is given.
	The meek give to the poor: the desire of the living giveth it.
	The humble will be turned back, and sit in the key of seat. Those who are vileer than the swift.
	"The humble shall be turned back, they shall be carried backward. They shall ride on the fish of Put. Those who are low, they shall be as swift as the roes.
	"The humble will return, and come to the seat of Tarshish. I will ride on the battle in the tender ones. The blameless are like a swift lion.
	"The humble shall be turned back, they shall be broken down, feet shall be put to shame. He who is higher than the swift, and turned aside.
	The meek will be brought back, and the evenings will be carried about with the cords of captives. He who is grounded as the swift, and one who is able to endure.
	He that is ready to perish is delivered: but he that is slow to anger is as a fool; and he that is crushed in judgment is like a thing of nought.
	He that is poor shall be given unto him: but he that is hasty is slow to anger is as a blot out, and as a spoiling that hath no power.
	He that is ready to poverty is given to the lowly, as he that is slow to the fury of his wrath: he that putteth on judgment is as a matter of judgment.
	He that followeth after vain is given to the poor: but he that is ready to anger is as the thing of a cruel one.
	A poor man is given to the merciful, as one who is slow to anger are covered with wrath, and he covers himself with justice.
	The poor man is given to him, and the needy make him afraid, and setteth up his body as a cry.
	The poor is given to him, and he makes it deep, and sets up foot against Because of the desert.
	The poor is given to the fatherless, and the scarlet, and the young men cut off like a river My soul.
	The poor will be given to him. He will make Teman like a No one, and will shoot himself like a order to His strong man.
	The poor will be given to him, and theWhy should he stand like a No one, in labor to cast up for It.
	The meek returned, and took counsel more than the first; in a little small way apart from the lowest.
	And the meek turneth back, and dealt throughly with the smallest of the humble: then was they gone up, and dealt treacherously.
	The meek return, and took knowledge of so much as to make him; yea, she was very honourable.
	The meek returned, and took counsel how much more, and they wandered also at a few things.
	The humble have gone back, yes, they also went back. They have dealt treacherously with a strange woman.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Singers take care of their voice to guarantee optimum performance.
Top 25 Translations
	Those who desire an example greeted by the things lord, and testifying with evil thoughts.
	For those who have sung good until a good conscience, kissed the evil conscience, and speak evil things.
	Those who take the singers greet themselves with all joy, and who speak evil of your own conscience.
	Those who sing such things don't greet themselves to be filled with good conscience, and to speak evil things:
	Those who speak well, and speak evil of good conscience, they are hidden a good conscience.
	The singers shall hear their voice, and shall bow down their voice with reason of the joy.
	Let the singers hear their voice, and sing praises to the voice of one with a loud voice.
	Let the singers hear their voice, and be speak with the voice of them that make a joyful noise.
	The singers heard their prayer, and they gave their voice to the voice of praise to the keeper of the sky.
	Let the singers hear their voice, and be as it were the voice of one who devoureth an testifying with a loud voice.
	Which must receive a seed, and lift up their voice for the rejoicing thereof, that it may not be fulfilled.
	which she has conceived, don't raised her voice, that she may be willing, having done well.
	That bear seed, and hold the voice of them, that there be no remembrance of them, though they be not willing.
	Which is given to seed, that as long as it is sown, lifting up the voice with one accord, that it be not merry.
	which is sown, don't lift up their voice for the pleasant aroma, but especially one another, and not with joyfulness of heart.
	With a loud voice, whereby they that rejoice not; and with a day of joy and silence, they that speak strong words to them which shout out of joy.
	Without a loud voice, let him sing for joy, and for praise to those who don't rejoice;
	Upon him that saith to thee a joyful voice, and on him that hath a joyful voice, which raised no joy of joy.
	To him that hath a joyful voice, even that reproveth him that crieth out of joy with the voice of joy.
	With loud as a voice of joy, a loud voice spoke; on those who shout with joy, whereunto they sing for joy.
	And when he had taken up a parable against the dead, he said thus unto the children of Israel.
	And to speak a song of the dead man, and to the children of Israel, which speak the word against One of the children of Israel.
	and they will sing a loud voice to the children of the dead, and to the children of Israel.
	And to taken up a voice of the dead, and to the children of Israel, which speak the same words against the children of Israel.
	that in a loud voice he takes up the language of the dead, and say to the children of Israel,
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even if you can't quit smoking, you should do your best to at least cut down a bit.
Top 25 Translations
	But if ye be not able to endure, then shall the poor and needy faint, whom ye would not suffer.
	But if you don't endure, then your poor ones who are faint among you will not do what may cleave to you.
	But if you aren't weary, nor angry with a spirit, neither will the fat of you also suffer for your souls.
	But if you aren't patient, then will your poor men also afflict you.
	But if ye be not weary, ye shall at all do so in the day of your blow, and the fat that is on you will not suffer.
	For if ye have become small men, ye would have told if so would have had been that good thing, or if ye do it.
	For if ye will at all do so, or if ye be best of the best of it, ye shall do it: or of the best thing it.
	But if ye think that they are best, if ye be that the best thing is thine, or if ye do what is good, that ye might do it.
	For if you think great things, don't be so the best of your best thing, for if you do well.
	For if ye have less do ought to become great, though it be that is better for you, yet if ye do not do it.
	If you aren't couch, the small as the great, then you will do so to yourself.
	If you can't understand these things, the small who are great among you, even so you will do.
	For if you can't do anything in the way of Having it, then you would do like that which is right in the eyes of someone who is least among you.
	If you can't be insane, the least among you, you can do what is the least among you.
	If you can't do this, then both of you and the great, so that you can do.
	For if ye know not what is poor, then shall there be none of you that is greatest among you, he shall surely perish.
	For if you don't know before what is very far from you, you will find even be cut off, though you don't know that the smallest men of the land.
	For if ye know not what is far off, then shall there be which is too little for you, even he that destroyeth the least of them.
	For if you don't know anything that is too far from you, surely the least of you will perish.
	For if you don't have known anything about yourselves, surely he who is least among you will perish.
	And if it seem good to you to have no need in the sight of men, so shall it be, as he that is least among you, so shall it be done unto you in the darkness.
	If it seems evil to you to ben't faint before your eyes, then shall it be at any time he who is greatest among you, even so you shall do.
	And so it shall be, when ye think not good in the sight of these men, that ye shall do likewise in the darkness, likewise shall ye do to him as it shall be.
	And if it seem hard unto you to have compassion at your eyes, as though it be small among you, so shall it be also in the darkness, and in the shadow of death.
	And if it seem evil unto you to be not your souls, then shall ye do likewise to the greatest of it in the darkness, likewise shall ye do.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The charity dance raised $5000 and the hospital was able to buy a new heart scanner.
Top 25 Translations
	Love rose up with dances. Indeed, behold, there were new wine in heart and in love for us, the bosom of the foot and the judge of the feet.
	Love is a new thing. Some's heart buys her dancing, and a new spirit. They have best clothing, so that they may buy Moses' feet.
	Love risen up on our way; and with us have we found a new heart; and with the They have drunken the flesh, that they should bring it into bondage:
	Concerning love, my beloved son, and my heart that we may buy new wine, and may buy new raiment, even though we should find a new mind in the midst of my feet.
	My beloved has lifted up on a us, and behold, a new heart and a new spirit has spent all that was in the heart of our feet to buy garments.
	Love spreadeth forth her mouth, and eateth the fruits of her heart and the goodness of her heart.
	Love spreadeth out her heart, and the bones to be in joint and in soul.
	Love spreadeth up on high; rejoicing the heart and the flesh doth set on an heart and the love thereof.
	Love spreadeth forth her heart, and a good heart taketh hold of the flesh, and of the strength thereof.
	Love divideth the light, and dealeth with the living heart, and with the merry heart, and with the abundance of heart:
	Men can buy a new soul out of a new heart, to one who would take a yoke out of the heart, and one who would take pity on a new heart, and a new spirit.
	Out of the heart of love, flocks out of the heart, out of the iniquities and trembling, that they might take away new wine.
	Since love has a new heart, having a new spirit of gone out of the fear, so that it might be that they may take away the better heart and the clean.
	Also from the heart of giving oil unto the brethren, and of them firstborn, that they might have a new send forth of soul, and of a new moons, and of pure gold.
	Since the heart was poured out with a golden themselves, and of the hated oil,, they brought a new battle spirit to take away silver and a new spirit.
	Love is as a bride or a reward; and he cometh to buy an new heart. And he may buy a new heart's heart to buy newness of heart.
	Circumcision is like a commandment, a multitude of beautiful love, a new furnace. Some may buy a new spirit, and there is Also of the things which are made to be exercised by their hearts.
	Love is like a glory, a putting images, as a new garment. He may buy newness of soul, and it will be well with him.
	A disciple is like a bride or a broken over his love; and he who buys new spirit, so that he buys a better heart.
	love is as a adorn or a punishment: he cometh out of a new heart to buy new spirit, and there is none iniquity to buy newness of heart.
	And the smell of love may be delivered from new loins, and the horse and a new girdle: for he shall buy in the spirit of the newness of heart.
	And the souls of the love with tribe shall they arise like unto a new girdle and a new flax; and they shall find a new vessel with new bottles of heart.
	"The smell of love arises and might be the waist and the honor, and the flower of his heart he will buy new wineskins and be in freshrness of heart.
	And the smell of love, and the girdle of his loins, shall come up with a new girdle, and with a new bottles of heart.
	And the smell of love, and the girdle of his loins, shall come up to buy new bottles, and with a new bottles of heart.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: It is often only through long experiments of trial and error that scientific progress is made.
Top 25 Translations
	For whereof there is no temptation, but is awake for the time to come, when it is revealed, we shall be in due season.
	Which is not a temptation to be tempted, but is latter end of that which may be fulfilled.
	For neither is there any temptation, but for a time it is evident, but in an hour it leads away.
	Which was not a temptation to be tempted, but is in uncircumcision: for when the time is past, then is that he whereunto the ungodly part is.
	For he hath not suffered for a certain temptation, but dureth for a time to come.
	For that with this, he would be tested, having walked after the finer, and after the error of error;
	For that we may be provedly weighed by him, and that the rebuke of temptation and the doctrine of unclean.
	For that would be whether it were any thing or scattered, he was latter and body separated by the price of him.
	for that which is teaches might be for the sake of those who are refined, and of that which is driven astray.
	For that we may be refreshed, whether they be's commandments and ran out with me.
	That being fully whether it were possible for him, I should have no such trouble, neither be swallowed up through him; and that the division of the family should be swallowed up.
	That he should have been only moved by labour to torment him not: but that the move of the fathers should be made manifest, and that it should be done again.
	That being past feeling of no good thing, I should have been ships of trouble, that the law of the fathers might be swallowed up.
	That by means he should have suffered no trouble: but that it should appear already, by any means of death, wherewith the family of the fathers might be swallowed up.
	that it might be hurt neither to any purpose; that it might be only of old time, and that the family of the fathers might be swallowed up.
	that in its trials he might work through temptations; of which he suffered Edom, and that it should be shown to be by temptation.
	that in A certain trial of temptation they might be tested, having suffered nothing by signs, so that it might be done through temptation.
	That in false temptations he might put to nought by the temptation, which he might be tempted by the temptations of temptation.
	Which was manifest, that he should be tempted of what was; being tempted, that he might be burn with cried of temptation.
	That in false temptations of temptation might be up, wherein he was tempted, what was ready to suffer so called the patience of temptation.
	Which is the temptation of temptation, and of temptation, wherein such is vanity, and vain as is in the temptation: but when the heart cometh, the lusts of them is made manifest.
	Which is even wandering; but we are tempted of them that are tempted, when they are tried: but when they are cursed, they are for a time of temptation.
	Which is a temptation made of temptation and of temptation; which cometh in a moment, when it is tried; but when the heart is intent, it is revealed.
	Which are temptation; a temptation and deceit, in which they shall have: but in time of temptation there is a breakness, but a readiness mind shall come.
	For where there is no temptation, but for an temptation, and for a departed from the fear of the heart, is made to come, and there is a pure heart that shall be made to come.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The working day in the factory is divided into day and night shifts.
Top 25 Translations
	But now it is day and night, and the morning star fall upon the stars.
	By day and night, the morning star were divided in the midst of the stars.
	As for the day, the morning is at hand. The stars are divided in the same place.
	And now in the daytime, the stars were divided in the night;
	As for day, the morning is light by night, and the morning is divided in the part of the stars.
	It is by day and by night, and by day, and by night.
	But the day and the night is light until the day.
	But the day and the night is lighter than the day.
	It will be night and day, and the day and the night will be to you.
	And the day and the night is to be fire, and to day.
	As it is written in the day, To morrow it is said, The Lord that is cleansed, by night shall the portion of the night.
	It is written in the day and in the daytime, To morrow it is written, To him that is prepared for the night, and to the fourth part of the night.
	For it is written in the day, " To you will be sanctified. In the night, you will be made holy," because of the night."
	It is written in the day, "The night is cleansed, by day, and by night there is the portion of the night."
	It is written in the day the morning, "It is sanctified with day, and by night the portion of the night."
	It is the same day that Yahweh is near, that Moses will be split in the day that Moses may be In the midst of the night, and the lot will be divided for Moses.
	And the day is but a thick itself; and the night will be divided to Moses, and the night they shall be divided for Moses.
	It is the sanctify day, and the night is over, to be divided for Moses, and for the day he is divided up.
	And it is a hand that dawneth the day, and that Moses shall be divided the two parts in the day before the LORD.
	It is the day of the month, and the same day shall be Moses, and the night divided for Moses.
	It is prepared against the morrow, and the day following: and a fire goeth out at even in the morning.
	It is also night to be rent in the daytime, and the day is dark: and the fire shall blow in the midst of it.
	It is indeed the night's portion in the next day, and it has risen up in the third day.
	It is in the daytime that is in the day to go up; there is the night by day.
	It is given to be eaten in the day time the morning, and it goeth out by night.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The job is tough, lonely and yes, on occasion, even depressing.
Top 25 Translations
	And there is no other; behold, it is enough for thee, and thou shalt have a reward upon thee; and of thine hour is it.
	And these are the things which thou shalt do: Behold, it is given unto thee for a bear oblation, and to bring it forth: the same is thy wrought, and the things that shall be to thee.
	There is other things which you will cause: behold, it is hard for you. Pay and lying in your wages.
	And there is other things which shall be done to thee: behold, it is given unto thee could great hire, and especially.
	But there is other men; behold, it is determined, that shall bring forth children, yea, and thou shalt have this; thy perfection shall be of them.
	And the Lord of his fame is in their Joshua; behold, it is can be astonished and become mighty, and they are cast into heaven.
	It is the enough thereof; and now, behold, a hand is made strong, and it is can be opened unto him.
	It is the corn that the minister thereof, and the time it is heavy: but, lo, it is dismayed and cast into heaven.
	It is indeed the multitude thereof: but, behold, it is Yea, and is spread abroad, and the heavens are thrown down.
	And the tale thereof is laid down: and, behold, a wall of them which the hand of the Lord is about, and he thrown down in heaven.
	His sin is forgiven, and the place of his wings is as a snare. Thus is the trouble of trouble round about.
	His sin is forgiven, and a snare is to him. Thus shall there be anguish round about him.
	As for the sin, they are forgiven; and so is a cry to them, and the end of trouble to those who are around them.
	His sin is forgiven, and the place of his wings are round about. Thus is trouble and vanity round about him.
	His sin is forgiven, that it may be straitened, and the pain round about him.
	It is even judgment to him: behold, it is a little gone out of the way, whether it be cleave or perverse.
	It is even the weight thereof concerning it; look, behold, it is a wicked wind, and a thing cleaveth to the graven image of it.
	It is even the same; behold, it is a sin: the short stone is fallen apart, it is a cunning thing.
	It is even iniquity to be, behold, it is a iniquity: the substance is made small, but is a perverse thing.
	It is sin even unto him; lo, it is very wicked; how is it broken down, though a thing fall from the graven images.
	The weight of it was to the end, even to the hire of it, in the midst of it.
	The shekel is to the end even to the end, and the Moab to thenr of it.
	his weight is thrown down to the outmost parts of the belly, to the wave offering it from the avenger of blue.
	their shekel is to the end, and their price is to him from whomever it is given.
	The shekel is before you, even to the number of them. The price of it is in the midst of them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The shopping centre was built surrounded by a vast extent of concrete for parking.
Top 25 Translations
	The borders of arrogance are set over the panels. They are built together at the end of the border.
	And in the borders of pride the borders shall be made out together, and for the corners of the by the ray of out nothing.
	The borders also are fastened by the thought of the answer thereof; the although it was prepared for the outmost part of the border thereof.
	The borders also are set for the panels of the coast: and the drawing is laid upon the outmost edge of the border.
	The borders of pride are laid up for the panels, from the one end to the other.
	And Tilgath- ordered, and they spread their hands over the entering in of Akon, and compassed the city on the other side of the border.
	And Assyria set hiser hold on her: and they went about through the border of hast thou compassed her city.
	And Cursed took his strong hold upon the bound of Beth- fifty cubits, and compassed the city by the would be your king round about.
	And Assyria took it in her place, and grounded her by the You of the border round about.
	And Assyria set the ark in her midst, and went about the place of the compassing the border thereof round about.
	There was a tent for the bound of those who remove the likewise, and the altar was built with oil and overcomeing of wine.
	The panels of the wicked was made as if they would spread over the haven't; therefore they be built in the Yes, and fine golden vessels with much wine.
	And there was a hole of an evil cast about by the rose up to the place of the corner. And the border was built in the house of the Which his wine was laid far from him.
	The borders of the south were prepared by the space of a border, and they had made as if it were a heap of wine.
	The borders of an evil piece were made long on the mast, and were built on the plates: they built the pleasant place of wine.
	And his throne was finished according to the number of my days in Rephidim, and he set it up for a compass of don't, reaching to it by his loins.
	The throne had a course by the borders of go forth to ask him. They took hold of the rose up to rejoice it on his waist.
	And his throne was finished by the borders of go forth to ask him: and he compassed it round about from speak unto the haven of After.
	The throne had war in might be according to the order of namely One, even to the border of joined together. And the border of Uzzan hides was along with it on his shoulder.
	And his throne was made after the number of his steps at the going down of go softly, and his going up to Za-ezer, and his going forth with it round about.
	Seraiah made begat border of indeed with cords, and they built a roof of blue, and encircled the border thereof round about.
	Seraiah hath made bells of bars of blue, and built a habitation of blue, and compassed the strong holds thereof round about.
	Seraiah had made denied with Cnents, and he built a net for the work thereof, and surrounded the fortress thereof.
	Seraiah hath made a borders of inherit by the river, and he hath compassed the borders thereof round about.
	Seraiah made at Seraiah with an so long crown; and she made a bell of blue, and surrounded the strongholds thereof:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Every person in this room has played an important part in the success of the company.
Top 25 Translations
	And he shall sing in the house of a man, every man's songs within it.
	He will also sing to every one a song, as well as the house of a man.
	He will also sing to one song around the house around, into every house.
	He also will sing a new song around the house.
	He will also sing to a songs of music all around.
	While ye abide it in the midst of the church on a kissed kissed of the church.
	While it was still oppressing the assembly, they kissed the assembly.
	While it was still spoken through the assembly, that on the kissed Peter's neck.
	While ye put it in an upper church, one upon a kissed of the church.
	While it was in the midst of the assembly, on a kiss of the assembly.
	He has power over all of them to play the prostitute with weapons of war.
	They set themselves in majesty with rulers throughout all the press, the man with God.
	For every man will gather together his work, with stringed stones, and with men of war.
	Who both hath joined together all men with such waiting after the manner of company.
	For every man is joined together to keep seed a living person, and lieth with ath man of understanding.
	A man's coast was filled with the You at its back, with the tithes of the meal offering.
	And here were the lot made with their brethren over against the haven of the meat offering.
	And here were the lot finished to their brethren, to the side of the oblation which is over against them.
	And above all the lading of the meat offering were filled with the son of lifted up the themselves to his brethren.
	And above the brethren, seeing that were set over against the meat offering, it was full of repaired with the brethren.
	And they encamped in their houses, and spread forth their words in the camp.
	The camp shall be in the house: and they shall pitch their possessions in the camp.
	And they set themselves in the house, and pitched in the camp at the uttermost part of the mount.
	The places are in the house. They encamp in the midst of the camp.
	Those who encamp in the house encamped in the camp; and the families of the Levites were encamped in the midst of the camp.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The little girl insisted until hospital staff finally showed her to her father's room.
Top 25 Translations
	She is the son of He that is taken away from him, and hath made known unto her father since he was found, that he should be the seat of his father.
	For this is what Heth the young woman will give to her father, since he has left him, and set her on his throne until now, even to the throne of his father.
	This is my son, which shall choose away from him, to declare it unto his father, even unto the throne of his father.
	This damsel's father shall shew to his father wherewith she is, even unto death, and shall make her father to sit down in the throne of his father.
	This son, the son of Heth, shall shew to his father how he hath must go, and he will shew it to his father's sitting upon the throne of his father:
	Let the maiden know that sheeth the child bringeth forth her young child: so shalt she be known to the place of her father.
	She will show him a home in the place of her young strangers, that she may know what she will do to her father, in the place of her father.
	She will bring forth a young child in a place where he has was young, and she will cause him to know that she is in the place of her father.
	Let the young woman know that she is a robber, that she may cause her to be brought forth; and that she may know the place of her father.
	The young lady will bring him down to the place of her who has borne him. She will make him know that her father is in the place of her father.
	And the servant told the father concerning her youth, until he have brought forth her father, and then begat him that she should be no more shewed unto his father.
	The servant told his father about the young lady, until he comes to a place of trouble, and it was known to the father of the young lady.
	The servant would have told his father until a woman should be brought to the son of her father, about the daughter of her father, and then showed him that she should be born.
	The servant told his father until now, and until she knew how the young lady had brought forth her father.
	Let the servant be brought forth, the young lady to be her father's house, to know what she should be, until she should be brought forth.
	The captain of the guard will declare to his father, until he leads him to the place of his father.
	And the captain of the guard shall carry forth the rod, and show it to his father, till he have made known unto him what shall be the captain of the guard.
	The captain of the guard will carry forth the rod, and will show it to his father's place, until he comes to the place of his father.
	The captain of the guard will lead to the place of his father, until he comes to the place of his father.
	And the captain of the guard shall take to him a rod, and to shew it to his father, until he have declared the place of his father.
	then the young lady shall know where she lies, when she is to show her father's house, until she comes into the room of her father.
	Then the young lady shall know whether she be a maid or a virgin, until she lay with the father of the young men, in the room of her father.
	then the young lady shall know when she is in the room of her father, or the young lady, to show her son, until he comes near;
	Then the young lady shall know, until she be brought unto the father of the young lady, and unto the chambers of her father.
	then you shall know whether the young man or the virgin shall come to the innermost door, even the daughters of your father shall show them the way of her father.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The murderer worked in a cemetery and had no problems in disposing of the body.
Top 25 Translations
	And the murderer, though he was slain, yet forasmuch as he was not found of any work of the body of the dead.
	And the murderer, who was slain before the dead, didn't find any person, neither was there any need of the service of the body of the dead.
	And the murderer, whom he slew it, was not written: neither had any man healed any thing, that he should suffer any thing of the body of the dead.
	And the murderer, who was dead, neither had any need of the deeds of the body of death, but had power over that he should be slain.
	And the murderer, that he should be slain, hath not found any thing worthy of death, whereof he was nigh unto speak work of the body of the dead.
	And the murderer had judgment for mercy, that he should have received nothing; but his body was profitable unto him, and he could not destroy the body.
	But he, knowing that for mercy, that he had no mercy; but that he who could merciful the body destroyed his own body were not made breaking out of his body.
	But he, because he had no mercy, but had nothing to offer his body, and because he didn't destroy one of his own body.
	He was naked, and saw no mercy, but he casts no one out of his body, not wishing one of his own body.
	And the murderer had no compassion on him, but had his mercy, and killed him not one of the body.
	And told no man, but was a valiant man, and kept alive into prison, neither had any covering come upon him.
	And no man was able to hurt another; but fell to him for his life, and kept him naked.
	And told not that any man should live the body, but that he which was naked had her life, and was naked.
	And told no man that had ever liveth, but was bare unto life, and found no covering laying of naked.
	And told no man that night, but saved the body only, and laid it not on him that had never been made naked.
	The murderer, being reproved by no means, saved by neither at all, nor at the door posts, but by any means laid hold on him.
	The murderer, having not an hair, doth cast away his head, but shut up and hurt, no man laying on him.
	The murderer, when he saw that he was not an hair, but that he might tear his head; and the other, not having on him, was accused of.
	The murderer, when he saw that the murderer was no hair, but had power over his own door, and had no see just work, neither was there any harm in him.
	The murderer, willing to lay off his head, stopped nothing, but was hinderedd that he couldn't touch any of the door,
	(for they couldn't serve the body of a asking thing, an ran even to the body, that they might not worship the signs of the body;
	(for they didn't need a man to serve another body, unless they were ignorant of the body, and if they weren't able to make them feared the signs of the body;
	(For he that knew not the chastisement of the body, but that worshipped God with the works of his own body, being condemned a mark of the dead;)
	(Who also were not a man that believeth on his latter body, but had no necessity of the circumcision, that he could worship the image of his body);
	(For they were not able to minister unto him that raised up the body, neither to minister before the body, but to worship the mark of the dead;)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Two local journalists were criticised for the part they played in spreading the malicious gossip.
Top 25 Translations
	Behold, he made two rows of scarlet, let's cover the ship with the his hands, and made off the mast of the mast which was round about him.
	Behold, he made two Son of strange than two turned about in the hands, with which he spoke with his hands.
	Behold, he made two Son of many waters in the hand of the two mightily round about, did beaten work upon the mast, which beyond the dealt with them.
	Behold, at the side of the two tables which were on this side and on that side, with Then he made the Don't cords, with wreaths of land round about.
	Behold, he made two Then, that were on the top of the pillars, with the brims which were between the two made, die about the say they might speak.
	Behold, two heavens were rebuked with please; and he saw a inside his mouth all around.
	Behold, two here was a cake of many waters within him, and they filled his mouth with water.
	Behold, two pillars of many, but had the mouth of the covenant around it.
	Behold, two pillars of horsemen were very beautiful, yet they saw a lion around them, and they Hebron around their own mouth.
	Behold, two heavens were thee broad, and he did about them with the stalks of the blood round about.
	And there was two house before the house of the LORD, and a contempt upon the should be filled with contempt.
	And there was an house in those places, which was round about the pillars; and they were filled with shame, even from one side of the pillars.
	There was that which was respect of the two birds all the pillars which were around the pillars, and added to the commandment.
	And there were two filled the house of the LORD, and despised contempt upon the pillars round about the porch; and it was yet given to be over the commandment.
	And there was also two families within the house round about the pillars; and they were filled with reproach from the ark, until there was no breath in them.
	And, behold, the chapiters stood up, and the tables were full of power between the house, which was about the house round about.
	Behold, there stood the two shields on the one side, and the space was filled with power and authority to fill the house.
	Behold, there stood the two capitals around the house, and the tables was filled with power and authority of the house.
	Behold, two pillars stood on the one side and on the house; and the tablets was filled with power and authority around the house.
	And, behold, two chapiters stood before the house upon the right side: and the piece was filled with power of the house round about.
	And, behold, two chapiters were before the imagination of them, which used to work in the sight of the times.
	Behold, two shields had a children, who had followed the apart of their sorceries, and had in known them the moreover of those who practiced sorcery.
	Behold, two pomegranates were coming to the place of divination, which caused to be afflicted before them.
	And, behold, there were two chapiters at the same time, which had joined unto them with enchantments.
	And, behold, two chapiters there was a chapiters against him, which had kept his secret against the at their first.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Charlie almost got to the end of the speech before he was interrupted by a drunk guest.
Top 25 Translations
	And his wife was drunken at his presence, as though he was born unto her after the saying of one accord, and was drunken.
	As he thus stood before them, so was he which was born to him, and was drunk, according to the word of none of the mind.
	And as he went his way, the same was drunken, and was drunken, according to the saying of his promise.
	And his concubine stood before him, and was drunken, according to the saying of her words, which was born unto him.
	As he stood before him, he was drunken, and they spoke according to his word that he was born to him.
	And they departed before a certain while, being drunk, they were drunken: and Paul was drunken.
	And they departed, and stood before a certain disciple, which had been full of wine: and Paul was drunken.
	And as he arose, he stood before them, and began to be merry: and he dwelt with them, and began to be drunken.
	And they departed before a certain man named Felix, which stood before them, and were drunken. And he continued till he was drunken.
	He went out, and stood before them, and had been drunk. But as he was drinking, he was drunken.
	And many other of them which came the way were drunken with the multitude before they came and washed,
	And they kept the company before the multitude, and drunken the people, caused them to washed, and came unto her.
	And many other of them which came answered after this manner; They were drunken in the presence of the multitude, and began to wash their clothes before the multitude.
	And the multitude of them which came before, when they had washed, went into judgment as many as the first, and were drunken.
	And the ones also, which were before them, were drunken, when they heard that he had washed, went before the multitude.
	And so it came to pass, as he was in a stiring up his own home, that he found a certain man which had a account in his own country.
	And it came to pass, as he went out to be born he was born in a certain nation, that he found a certain man which was born at hand:
	And it came to pass, as he went out to be born he was at a certain season, that he found many things which were possessed were done to him:
	And it came to pass, that, as he went out to be born, behold, there was a slaughtering man who had been born at hand.
	And it came to pass, as he went out to be born he was born, that he found a son in sitting by name:
	And they began at the next day, as they began to speak unto him after the same order, and to draw drunk, before they were drunken.
	And they began early in the morning to tell themselves, that they should be drunken, and are drunken; this is that way before the river.
	And they began at the same hour, and began to answer and to say unto him, as he was, at the brook Besor; and we were by the river Euphrates.
	And fearing came from the morning, and began to say unto him, We were drunken; for we went before the river.
	And they began early in the morning to tell their own language before that which was drunk, and to appear;, as he had said, so he was by the river.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Doctors say antibiotic usefulness varies from patient to patient.
Top 25 Translations
	For, "You who turn aside from strife, and proclaim patience, and have patience with patience."
	"We have erred and purpose, saying, " sorrow to and strength. We vessels in patience."
	For, "You who turn aside to strife, and do wondrous works, and suffer patience."
	For, "I have lived so much, and declare, power, and patience."
	"We have sheep in feasts, and mighty works. We bring a patience of wind."
	"It is ( well who say, 'Don't turn aside from strife), and turn aside to patience."
	"It is strife, to turn away from contentions, and to be kept secret from strife."
	"It is hard to flee to strife, to turn from disputes from strife, and to be in patience."
	For this is desert, and twentieth to cease from such an evil time, even to cease from strife.
	It is defence, out of strife, that we may depart from disobedience, and out of patience.
	For we ourselves are hidden, and repent. And, God, continue greatly in strife.
	Saying, F governor must be length, and continue in strife, and be patiently for the day of judgment.
	" arose lot. He shows disputes. He endures and remembers many."
	" told there is no quarrel in desert, and increased strife. Remembering those who say, 'Know to remember!"
	" told wisdom, "Don't long ago. Be patient and have faith..) Remember the Lord, and say, "I don't remember."
	"Keepers, and don't draw your patience, be careful of patience."
	" god, flee away from strife, and keep patience."
	" there is sexually said,'according to your drawing back and patience."
	" god, drawing up and rest. With patience, and repaired the patience."
	"Do kind of strife, let your patience depart, and be patient."
	" speaking contention to contention, and draw out strife. Turning your foot from every good work."
	" [ rose up contention, and turn aside from strife, from gentleness even to patience."
	" rose up contention, and depart from disobedience, from little disputes."
	"Prepar slow men from strife, and don't turn aside to godliness."
	"Prepare counsel. Let patience cease from ones. To saying, "Don't by patience";
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Despite past good performances, the actor was fired when the studio decided he had become a liability.
Top 25 Translations
	"Go aside from evil. Get you away, for the customs of jealousy are cut down in the fire, and they nurse it."
	"Go away from evil. Get ready! By the same way the law of among thorns, and showing both it is lifted up."
	"Go away from evil. Take heeds the way of the great law, even the customs of A being set up in their place."
	"Go aside from evil. Get you away, for the brook of repaired the nations. Cause them to come up to lift up to evil hand."
	"Go aside from evil. Get away from your way. For you have grown strangers in the fire, and confirming rams."
	And said, Do ye to do that which is good in the flesh. It was about to come, that every man for the time appointed was digged, which he had prepared for it: and there was a fire in the part of a man.
	and let every man be fully willing to do good. It was about to pass, that when any man is plowing, he ascended up in his battle, having been made desolate in the uttermost part of a man.
	and said to them, "Be diligent to do well." It was about a man, for he who made an armed for the time, until he came to pass, and he was sown in the uttermost part of a man.
	and saying, "Take heed to yourselves once," for it was found in the middle of a man to do good. A fire was sown on the end, and a man whom the fire had prepared for a while.
	and saying, "Be unto every man who does good will do that which is good." It was very little, because a man had a plowed while he was marked on the part of the fire, and not a few man's fire had been growed after the order of men.
	Because that which formeth evil for good, when it is tried to do good, hath now come to pass, that what is become of no effect by fire to come forth into the midst of the fire.
	To perform the commandment, to do good, and to work it; for there were darkness and a light in the midst of the fire.
	To do evil is the lotss of no evil. When there was war, they became swallowed up in the fire to do evil, because it was a people to do good in the midst of the fire.
	Because that for good things we have appointed a decree for good, when there was no small report in the fire, but the course of confusion grows up and came into the midst of the fire.
	To keep back from evil, and to do good; for when the bottom of the fire had come on may become unprofitable, the commandment of no such mightyness shall be too grievous to do evil in the midst of the fire.
	"He has done excellent things for just a good work. Now it is time plowed with strangers." Its hour was like it burned up.
	Being nourished in good works. Now that which is lying down, they plowed with other works. And it was so, as of a burning fire.
	"You have done so with a good works. Now it is time hard for you to plow. It was very heavy. Looking forth, it has become as though it were the appearance of fire.
	"You have done well inclosed things. Now you have sown and plowed with a young man's work." It was as it were when the fire burned.
	"You have done good works. Now that which is yours to plowed, even like a dove appointed a work." It was so the fire that devours the stubble.
	This cause God hath done this: Now she is come a desert time with her is far spent; she is of the coastsyage.
	Even so we have done this thing: there is a certain woman that wisenesseth year; and the navyage was now become her made straight.
	"This was the way of life. The woman who was very living to Look on. It was now in the course of joined.
	"My life is done. The woman, who was very good. We made the voyages.
	"This is the life that you have accomplish. The woman, who was very heavy from now on. Now when she was from joined joined to dead, it was far away.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Police fear that the boy missing since Tuesday night is in danger.
Top 25 Translations
	A child is afraid of his own children, that they may be afraid of him.
	Let a child be afraid of his crying, as a child which is a tillthough he be afraid.
	Let the children be careful. Let them be afraid.
	A child is afraid of hisness, lest he be afraid of it.
	Let the perfect man be afraid. Let him be afraid.
	Don't be afraid when he comes to do evil, as he doesn't go empty, to do it good.
	Don't fear when it goes up to do evil, neither be afraid of it, when it is evil.
	Don't be afraid when he goes quickly, as it has not been in the way of righteousness that he should go rather to do evil.
	That ye be not afraid of evil, as it were that goeth forth to do evil.
	Let it not be afraid, when he getteth near, while he is not to do evil.
	Don't be afraid of the face of a righteous man, that you may be afraid of him who has escaped the sun.
	Don't be afraid, lest righteous man should plowed, in his day when the righteous servant flee from the day.
	That ye be not afraid of the plowing of the young man, that he may rest in his day:
	Let not that old man be plowed for hunger, when he that is cursed of his day is driven away.
	Let not the plowing of the righteous be revealed, that the righteous may flee from the day.
	And so is the fear of man, that he should be afraid of hope, should not be afraid of much grief in the cold.
	And whether it be good, as though I am afraid, we shall not fear what it is: and in cold time of drought, which shall be afraid of trouble.
	And I will not be afraid of that man, lest he be wise in due season, and that he that hath no sorrow in the cold.
	And I will not be afraid of that which is good; and that which is ready to be afraid of the cold time, when trouble cometh upon the cold.
	And I will be afraid of such fear, as though it were in cold, and neither in cold time of Behold, it is in cold.
	Let not a lad fear, when he is come to do evil, lest he be afraid of evil.
	Let not him fear, when he is evil, that he may do evil.
	Be not afraid of that the lad is come to do evil, neither be dismayed that he should do evil.
	Let not the young man be afraid of that evil, when he is done mischief, neither let him be afraid.
	Don't be afraid when the boy is done evil, lest the shepherds do evil.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: As a matter of course, we delete all email records after three years.
Top 25 Translations
	And in this matter shall we do this thing, that we may do it unto all men whatsoever we shall appoint.
	Concerning this thing, we give the sentence against all diligence to all men who are instructed in this matter.
	And as for us, this concerning all things that are round about us, let us know in all things.
	Also in this thing we command you to do all men whatever we shall receive.
	And in this matter thou shalt command us to do all things whatsoever we shall ask.
	But of the things which we have this: at the end we must set forward three years; and thus every man for any work shall be done in all his service.
	Be careful for the things which we will give you, for in it we are appointed three years: yes, after that any work shall be made for us any kind of service.
	Do this thing in the sight of God: at the end we must put a overseer, and it will be for the service of all things that are done in it.
	But watch for us, for it will be revealed to us in this matter, that we will set the overseers under hand all the labor appointed appointed for whatever work ought of it is done.
	Be careful for yourselves what we will do: for in the third year we shall be appointed over all the service of the tabernacle.
	Also in every three years of the law, we ought to keep the charge of this matter, and to give account of it unto them.
	also in all places to keep the statutes of this work, that it may be a statute for them, since each three years will we make a decree in this matter.
	And concerning the customs in which we such things are appointed to this end, we also ought to make a end of it.
	And also in every three year, as it is a decree: and we ought to make a decree in these things which are appointed for us to do.
	Also in all places of the commandments, we ought to give a decree to every covenant, until the decree be executed in us in this matter.
	Moreover there are three years' work, whereof it is for a man to work.
	There is also a few men, who have labor in besides the pillars, and they must stay there three years.
	And there are three years' work, whereof there is a work, and there entering in three years.
	Also the other men whom they are in travail, and in the third days there are days of two or three years.
	Again, there are born to men, and there are three years.
	Don't we yet suffer a decree to be left in this forth, that we may be a burden to all our burdens?
	And let us make an end of three years upon this matter, that we may set a month after all our burdens, and that we may do three years.
	Now then, don't we keep all the things that are laid up in their work, with which we make mention of all our burdens?
	And let us an end of this matter: wherefore are we not all the burdens of the house of do the three years?
	Do not we begin the same thing that is good in this year, that we may set sail from our burdens on all our burdens?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The tribes on these islands carry out a strange hunting ritual at the beginning of summer every year.
Top 25 Translations
	And in the midst of these tribes there came forth men, after the space of the years of every one according to the number of the years.
	And when these tribes were gone out from these tribes, as yet brought out by the fire to the uttermost year of those tribes.
	And when these tribes came forth through the fire of the cities of these tribes, as though they were in the midst of the years.
	And when these tribes came forth from the midst of the years old, they went out to buy fire from the goats according to these tribes.
	And in the midst of these tribes there came out a great fire on the other side, as in the midst of the years.
	Now the isles in the islands shall be troubled in the midst of the summer world, and the lord of the winter shall go forth into them.
	Now the islands are cast into the islands, the upon the ends of the summer prison, to go forth:
	From the islands, the islands went forth to the end of the summer fruits, to the Come forth of the summer pool.
	Now the isles in the isles shall be troubled in the uttermost parts of the summer sea, and shall goeth forth in the spiritual places.
	Now the islands shall be upon the isles, and upon the first Absaloms of the summer field, which go forth no more at the end thereof.
	When these stood at the first time appointed, they were divided in the fourth month, where there was a lamentation throughout all the months of compassed the river.
	When these things were come to him, they were divided by lot at the first time appointed: and on the weight of the river's bank there was a base of mighty one in all the borders of the river.
	When these things were fulfilled in the first month, as at the time of understanding, they were all broken in pieces at the river of Take away.
	When these tribes were divided up at the first month of summer, they were divided up from the land of appointment: that is, the space of two years in may be fulfilled.
	When they were come into those tribes, they were divided in the first month, under the fifth year, that is to be broken in spake the uttermost parts of the river.
	In these cities were an exceedingly desolate land, even unto the beginning of sound waste places which beyond the beginning of all these years.
	In these were the burn of the summer country of the children of Ammon, unto the beginning of the year, to the end of all the years.
	Which was the high places of all thy tribes in the beginning of storm, until the end was by the same year.
	In these were the delivered unto the former tribe, that goeth forth to come the high places of Indeed, even to the end of all the years.
	Which came in the beginning of these tribes in the beginning of the land of summer on the first day of the first month, to the end of all these years.
	And these tribes went out toward such an one as another year, under the first year of summer.
	And these tribes went out as it were by lot at the eldest year of summer.
	These two tribes went out to the ends of the city, according to the number of the years.
	These twelve tribes came out for a certain tribe, bringing in the judgment seat at the year of summer.
	These all the tribes went out to preach the judgment time in the fourth year of summer.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We have to walk down three flights of stairs just to get rid of our rubbish. What an inconvenience!
Top 25 Translations
	We walk by the stairs of our way for the truth, that we might make the darkness of light; even as for all this, it is in the After of Ono.
	We walk by the way of the shadow of iniquity, to make us known by the stairs of light: this is the work of iniquity; even as for us, it is done to you.
	We walk by the steps of our fathers, to the shadow of death, but we have everyone to his according to as as it is in The As of dealt wisely.
	We walk in our steps by the steps of ourselves, to make the hope of light: we to God for this work: this is the way of like to Ono.
	We walk by our steps, to make the straight darkness for light; but as for this very thing, even it shall be given to pass.
	Let us go up by night, to the side of the righteous. For we can't leave the gate, neither will we be afraid of the works of male or David.
	Then we want to go up to the hill of the righteous; for we are not afraid of the doors of the assembly: neither were they afraid of the works of Micah, or of his hands.
	Let us compass up our steps, that we may go up and escape at the abomination of the righteous: for we be not afraid of the works ofim, nor of nigh.
	Then we were going up to the unclean place at the head of the righteous, to seek out the door of the city: and we were not afraid of the way by reason of the work of Why they were not afraid.
	Then we would have gone up to the pass, to the abomination of the righteous: and we would leave to turn aside the doors of the gate; not that we feared not, nor was afraid of the works of My making long ago.
	For in the third year of our steps we are forsaken, and are just in the rest of the world. And there is a man who is in charge of destruction.
	For in the third part of our people are forsaken by the hand of the shadow of death: and in the third time of their trouble are these which are in the midst of the destruction.
	Through the three hundred men, who were by the steps of the stairs, there are three times so long as they go. Behold, we are in The midst of Gaza who are in the destruction.
	For we are children of the stairs, who are cast off three times in the midst of the stairs, and don't walk in the rest of these three times. This is one who is in the perish, and shadow in the course.
	Through the three hundred men, who are flesh of the wind, and walk in the rest of the ways: and there is one who is in the wind, and he in the shadow of destruction.
	Through the speech of our steps we will go down; we will take us as At going out to come surely: the An adversary is a servant of regarding the Hebrew, and he will see the evil.
	Through reason of the stairs of our stairs we will go up. He will take our place as wife, and the power of the prince will be prosperous; and behold, he is a judge of the Canaanites.
	But we will walk at all times to come to affliction. We will take refuge in the sin of the stairs; and the border of a prince, a base from the head of Machir; and time of evil has come on us.
	From the time that the steps should come unto the stairs of our stairs, we will take us a place of hearing, and the soul of the taken away of the prince of dead, and the God of the city shall behold the evil.
	But we will come to the be going to the it of the shadow of death; and we will take the It out of the hand of the until we have seen the evil of the prince; and the in whose hand the wicked shall be evil.
	We are willing to go forth into the every place of truth, that we might put our hand to silence; for we have walked by the strength of the LORD in the battle.
	We are pressed down for a boldness to go forth of the assembly of the righteous, to wit, that we might walk by the strength of the LORD in the battle.
	We were willing to go out with our own hand to consider the counsel of the righteous. For we have walked through the war of Yahweh in the battle.
	We have behaved ourselves wisely in our hands to go forth with the very righteous: we have walked by the way of the LORD in the battle.
	We are up up through the LORD's grace, to go out to the end of the righteous. And we went out to the battle of the LORD in the battle.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Sharon had broken many regulations at work and finally paid the price by losing her job.
Top 25 Translations
	Sharon gave much money at the hires of those who were hired, and through its price. Behold, I have come in its midst to it, and plucked it by the price of it.
	Sharon gave him the morest to be hired. They also devoured the more with great wealth. Behold, in the midst of it was they brought back.
	And Sharon gave the same understand of the prey to the hire thereof, and to the lot thereof: and, behold, they came in the way to it, yea, they exacted the price of it.
	Sharon gave them large gifts to the hired merchants. Behold, it was granted to be those who were hired over the altar. According to the price of it was given to him.
	Sharon gave much more money at the wounds of the altar. At this time he found it: by what means he came it to its account.
	And Sharon gave forth her habitations to be his dwelling: and whatsoever she looketh upon, it shall be his reward.
	Sharon hath given her dwelling for himself, and she hath seen his reward.
	Sharon hath made her dwelling for himself: thy reward hath he received of me.
	Sharon hath made her habitations to feed, and her reward is given to him.
	Sharon has given her her home. She sees his wages, and her wages is given to him.
	And Sharon wrought all the onyx work of an heap: and the price that he had was weighed unto the price thereof, and that he gave it to the hire of a ransom, according to the number of the price.
	And Sharon wrought the work of all nations: and the price thereof was unto him of the hire of hison, and of the price of his hire.
	And Sharon wrought the work of every garment: and with the price that he had weighed was of his hire, he rendered unto the price of his that which was due unto him.
	And Sharon wrought the work of all manner of work, and the price was given unto him of the hire of his hire, and the wages of his hire was given unto him.
	And Gedor wrought all manner of work, and the price thereof was given unto the weighed of the price of his reward, and the price of his hire was given unto him.
	Sharon has submitted out a levy with labor. According to his good will, according to the multitude of his labor, which he must pay out for it.
	And Sharon made a levy with an help, and the house of the servant, at the time when it is pressed forth, shall be given unto him according to his works.
	And Sharon made a league with an house: and it was given unto the hire of a delivered unto him in the day that he came and traded upon it.
	And Sharon shall be with the levys of grapes: by the deeds of her hire shall they be shaken: according to his works they shall submit themselves, when she cometh.
	And Sharon hath made peace with him in the prince of those days; and she shall be given according to his will, and according to the recompence that he hath laid up in the day that he cometh.
	And Sharon wrought her pleasure in love: and, lo, the reward of her hire is given unto her, and she shall come.
	Sharon hath laboured her good works: and, behold, the reward is given unto her, and it shall come to pass.
	The Sharon with her wages work past, and the reward of her wages. Behold, the hire of her wages is given to her.
	And Sharon hath laboured her hire at all things, and her reward: behold, the reward of their reward is given unto them.
	And Sharon worketh indeed the good thing, and the fulness thereof a reward: lo, the reward shall be given unto her, and she shall come.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You've been eliminated from the competition because we've discovered you cheated.
Top 25 Translations
	For ye did good, when we did Also speak after the manner of living creatures, and for you did desir to be visited with the heat.
	For ye are come out of the due time, that we might set up our lives as a watch for you.
	For we themselves, when we were up from the womb, you gave yourselves honour, as we also desired for you.
	For we made ourselves strange, that ye might be body together for you, as we also desired the cold of Christ for you.
	For you were daughter-in-law so great a time to come, that we might have you long desire, as we also looked for you.
	who also shown us from the time that you would be revealed to us, and the faith which is on your head.
	Who are finished from the time that we were seen with you, and have turned aside from iniquity; because your faith is laid on you.
	Who are wrought with you in the time that we shewed you; and, because ye are come to law, stood upon your head.
	who most certainly shown us from the time that we showed you iniquity, and the faith which is on you already drawing up on your head.
	Who have shewed you a righteous token of iniquity; wherewith ye are seen by the which is dead, but are standing on your head.
	For when we came to see you, we didn't run down, when you were found, because you sinned against us.
	For when we came to see you, you didn't walk after our own business; that you might have sinned against us at that time, you might have sin against us.
	For when we came to meet you, they didn't belong to you, when you were found. For you didn't sin against us, that you might have sinned against us.
	For when you came to see us, you wouldn't be slacked, that you came out against us in time past, for you sinned against us.
	For when you came to see us, you didn't reject it by reason of a water for us, because you sinned against us.
	For we have been exceedingly mad for you from the time that we sinned against you.
	For we have been very much wanton in help against you, when you have sinned against us.
	For you didn't have brought charges against me, until we had sinned against you.
	For ye did laugh at all, until ye had consumed us, because we sinned against you.
	For ye did after we have sinned against you in time past, in that ye were wroth with us.
	For you were willing to kill us, because we were served by you. For you did indeed seek us, that you might have come to see us.
	for you were oppressed very troubled to look on us, lest you might have found us on our behalf.
	For you were willing to harm us, therefore you would have killed us, and that you might see us.
	for you were helped against us, and you were also helped to see us, that you might see us, even as we also might see you.
	for you were power over us, because we were distressed for you, that you might see us, even that you might see us.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even the tiniest fault in a rocket can lead to a catastrophic failure at launch.
Top 25 Translations
	For the rock of confusion shall be a place for the noise of trouble, because of deep as they fall into a deep place.
	For the rock of trouble will be like deep waters, and as treading down by the wouldest until they are near.
	For the Rock of a rock is a cry of confusion: yet a man of wicked trouble shall come nigh unto a far place.
	For the Rock will come near to a shelter place where there is no stronghold, and in the broad place they will hunt for the day to come.
	But where one is for a rock, the rock for hour to fall, (for the hour is so near that one may come,) and so is that one who is near to come near as a where there is no Whoever breaks out of the rock;
	Which walketh upon a rock in a strange rock, and for a left hand.
	They may run back and forth in a cleft rock, because there is no storm in the rock.
	Among the left hand there is no desolate Rock, and they go up to fight with him.
	Whose prayer is in the rock a tumult of killeth they go over to times when it is no slaying?
	Which fighteth against a rock in a rulers, and (for there is no breach in the rock,)
	By whatever place you stumble in the rock, there will be where there is no breach, you will be able to break in pieces.
	Where there is no place to fall in the rock, there is where the stumbling stone shall fall.
	For there is a stone cast into a rock of stumbling, or into the rock, where the offence falleth not.
	For in a stone is cast into a rock of offense, and into a place where there is no place.
	for there will be wherever the rock goes into, there will be where the stumbling stone falls.
	For the blood of the Rock is not hidden from the rock, nor hideth for lack of persons.
	The rocks are not hidden from the rock, for there is no dwelt in him.
	The rock of blood is without blood, and the returned of when there is no want to take it.
	The rock of blood is not hidden from the rock, and the worms of it all taketh away.
	You may bring blood of the rock, when it is no place of life, nor of an in may you take it.
	For the pillars shall be shut up in the rock; and the caves shall not be stretched forth, neither shall the rock be established in the rock.
	For the rock will be opened in the clefts of the rock, and the pit will be opened, and the rocks will not be able to shut up, neither will it be chased in the rock.
	For the rock will not be found out in the rock, neither will war shut up the dens; but the rock will be in the clefts of the rock.
	For the rock will be opened the than of the rocks, and the holes of the fields will be broken down, and the rocks will not be founded.
	With the blast of the rock there is a hole of the rock, and the rocks are not able to shut up the pit, nor to turn about from the rock.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I met a woman in town who was talking to people about homeless teenagers and asking for donations.
Top 25 Translations
	I found him not in a city that was not inhabited, and in the house of him that told me not.
	I found him not in this city, but in that city, and in the waste places which he had not speak, I saw a man coming to me.
	I found him to dwell in a city that is not inhabited; and I had found him no confidence in a city.
	I found him not in a city that was not inhabited, that I might speak unto him that I might not speak in thine house.
	I found him who was not in the city, but in the house, that I might not speak in very lie with him.
	To speak nothing from those days, and to the house which I speak, that I could not speak evil of any other thing.
	I was so speaking by no means as concerning a man; for I kept nothing from my house, and what I didn't speak.
	Wherefore I spake nothing unto a house, but unto the time appointed I departed from me.
	Wherefore I was in the house after a manner of man; but in the things whereof I could not speak, I spake nothing, save to out of the evil house.
	I have not spoken before, to the house which I was from now on. I didn't speak in unbelief.
	I found a woman who has not said to my house, that she should not go into the house of Judah, but who has come in, she has found no speech at all.
	I found a woman whose mouth not to speak in the house, nor in the house, that I might not speak in the house, that I might not speak in the ears of her whose mouth might not come.
	I found a woman who has come into the house of feasting, that she may not speak in the house, nor wait, that she may not be able to speak in the house.
	I saw a woman coming into the house in whose mouth is not lawful to speak, that I might not speak in the house.
	I found a woman who has come into the house, not so much as to speak in the house, that she found no one coming with her mouth.
	I found her whose house I didn't speak to the woman, all that she had to speak to the woman, how I could not speak to her husband.
	I sought a woman who had a word to be spoken by her house. When I couldn't speak to the woman, I searched her who could not speak at all.
	I found her a word in the house, while she wait for me, and could not speak lying only to the woman, until she had spoken something about the saying of her husband.
	I found her not a woman whose house I waited, whether she be spoken at the word, or not lying with her husband.
	I looked for a woman at a word in the house, while I stayed behind her husband. She didn't find her word, while I stood still at the door of the house.
	When I therefore saw that the people don't contend with a loud woman, that I might not speak in the house, and that they might gold one another, and not be in the house.
	I looked for a woman in the house, not to also deliver her people from sexual sinners, but a woman appeared to one another.
	(I find not an offence among men), I sought a woman to speak in the house, and not to speak in the house with one another;)
	(let I find not favor in the house), and not in the house, a woman whose heart am set towards her);
	(as I find not an evil communications to the people, but a woman to one another who doesn't speak He comes in a wide house), and in a wide woman.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: There's a very unusual setting for this movie: a prison for badly behaved dogs!
Top 25 Translations
	Now about this, the cause in which the adversary was about to accused concerning the Jews, that Paul might have judgment for the charge of the prince's right hand.
	And about this the cause was the cause concerning him to be delivered, that Paul should have judgment on the part of the gallows, to lay hold of the chief priests' judgment.
	It was because of the matter concerning that concerning the Jews, that this prisoner would have been reserved to judge the woman's chief lady, to have the judgment seat.
	And it was so against the cause concerning him that the Jews should have been laid waste: that Barabbas might have the right hand of the queen, though they might be laid upon him for the judgment seat.
	Now about the matter concerning which the caused concerning him might be given to this, that Barabbas might be judged, having been put to death for a judgment seat.
	A dog is laid in prison, but a prisoner is set in the prison, with whom the prisoners are bound up.
	And in it there is a room which is statutes, when the prisoners are bound, especially them that are bound to death.
	A turn aside, there is a room set for the prisoners, which are crucified in the prison, at the head of the prisoners I cast a net in the prison.
	And in it was an appointed thing for him to have put, till he that is ready to the captives should be bound, let him have a wickedness also to be broken.
	A turning on it was put to death, and a certain dog's part laid in prison, with whom the prisoners were bound.
	And, behold, and the debt are open upon it, the dogs go in, and lay down in the prison.
	And if any thing be men's debtors, then they come in, and they lie down in the prison.
	And if any man have ought against any thing, he come into the prison, and becometh the body of a man.
	And if then the debtors come to on him, they will lay him down when he is found in the prison.
	And if any thing be creditors of debtors, they go into the prison, and lie under a dog's feet.
	For this cause it is maintaind of the great judgment, for a dogs man's sake. For it is the prison, who was the bondservants of bondservants in bondage.
	For this cause it is maintain the cause of a great condemnation. For it is a Nabal's dogs who are in bonds.
	For this cause it would be known for the great judgment, for which is laid up for the way of healing. The dogs shall be brought into bondage, but a dog of the prison.
	For this iniquity isn't known by the law for a great one, but for a tree a bondservant, and for a servant of the prison.
	For this cause it is because of the greatness of sin, for the cause it is great. The dogs are in bondage to be bondservants and bondservants of the prison.
	But, finding no right thing, they only what they stumble for being taken by the snare of the dog.
	But, when they had laid wait for him, they found a deep dog's watch over him.
	But we trust in this, and see that our prayer is laid low, which is set for a dogs, only in the prison.
	But there was a hope for the violence done to her, although by the dog's side just man is a tomb in the court of the prison.
	For this poor man was tried for violence, and one could even It were found near the body of a dog.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Though we always turn right here, I often wonder what's down the other road.
Top 25 Translations
	For though we had turned aside into the right hand, and were troubled, we thought that this ways were fastened.
	For though we had turned continually to the right hand, and our own do thought that this way which is know what we should mean.
	For though we had fallen at the right hand, we thought our own ways, because we thought what is this way.
	For if we had fallen off always on our right side, we thought that we thought what is this way.
	For though we had good tremble continually on the right hand, or else we thought to be thought about this way.
	If we say this, 'Where is my way here still until we are turned back,'
	What then will we say, if we are ever here, and turn again to my ways?
	"If we have therefore turned and weren't there here, surely my journey away, we say, 'Where is my way?'
	What if we are ever here, how will I turn back my ways?
	If we then say, " here is my way, if we turn aside here, behold, I am going back and more outside of the way.
	For though we have already turned aside into this way, we also will know what other way we must say, 'I have been made mention of it.'
	Though we have off continually, yet do I preach this way, brethren, or such a way to say what we will mean.
	Though we have been steadfastly in this way, yet I will declare how we can tell you about our ways.
	Though we continually say, yet for this cause I will preach by this way, if we turn aside to it.
	Though we long ago preach, yet will I preach this way, that I will know whether we will not turn aside our way.
	Yes, and if we do always judge, we shall be condemned in any other way.
	Yes, and if we do ever, we shall always see in this way, if we shall just find it.
	Yea, and yet forasmuch as we are wont to judge and to do righteousness, we shall see the things which are meet you in judgment.
	And whether we had respect, yet foreordained us by the ways, we would behold the other things that are to be done, and to us.
	Yea, and though we order all things to be at all, yet am I seen another way.
	For though we had no rolled in this way on that way, we were exceedingly dismayed toward that way.
	For though we had never fallen on this manner, yet will we be astonished at that which is right against us.
	For though we have been astonished at this way, yet have we been confounded toward all our ways.
	For though we had been long ago, and have be very amazed toward this way, I said nothing.
	Surely, though we have all Yahweh's ways beyond us, I am wholly astonished, because we have wholly fallen on the way.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Two ferries collided today in the main harbour, but there were no injuries.
Top 25 Translations
	And it came to pass on the second day, that we was come to pass, that, if blood be shed out, we took no blood.
	Now it happened on the second day that we were passing by still to Cyprus, and would not have been in a place of may be revealed.
	And it came to pass the second day, as soon as he was near meat, there was no place enough for Paul's blood.
	And it came to pass the second day, that he was nigh to have shed blood under a compass of meat, and that there was no room for him.
	Now it happened on the second day that we came to My blood, and took no blood of battle, because it had no place to stay in hard place.
	(For from interpretation, there arose two, named made eunuchs,) but his heart was with one accord.
	(For two named cannot be turned, but one;) behold, there was still another man,
	(Now two," and his name was righteous;) which is, being interpreted, not only will beyond Crete.
	(For there are two things which are named On judge, behold, one of another;)
	(For so long as he hence, two cities,) but had not yet another name.
	It happened the second day, that he was at done as he didn't come in the second day past, but in the second day he came to answer and sat down by my left hand.
	And the second day we touched at Miletus, and the day following: and it was not at every time turned about, but could not tarry.
	And it came to pass the second day, that he was at Corinth; and the next day there was no small way hid from him.
	And the second day we should have at say that very deed, and that we should not look at it.
	It happened the second day, that he was very distressed. He was at Corinth, and there he was no stranger with him.
	And it came to pass on the second day after we heard him drink of the waters, that there was a precious thing in any thing.
	It happened on the second day after he departed from law, that One who would betray him, he didn't stand still on the second day:
	And the second day there was at teaching certain men with one accord, who lord the watered no good thing:
	And on the second day might have we need of him which is at peace, and he was not able to bear it.
	And it came to pass again, that there was a certain man that brought water on the second day, and it was not good with us to do any work.
	The next day, they swore at Thou to them in Cyprus, and brought forth the sword; and there was no profit to them.
	On the next day they swore two vows. But the more they were not troubled.
	On the next day, we swore two trumpets, and stayed in won't troubled them, because they weren't troubled.
	On the next day, they swore, that they were Moses' voice, and they could not listen to them.
	And the next day we sware with an oath, that they should not kill them; and, behold, they were not troubled.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The red squirrel, once common throughout Britain, is now restricted to the north.
Top 25 Translations
	The border along it was toward the north country; and the border was to the side of the sea.
	Its border was out within the north side, and its border went out to the sea.
	From the north side unto the north side there shall be suburbs: and the outgoings shall be for the sides of the sea.
	From the north side even unto the border shall be foursquare: and it shall be broken in the uttermost part of the sea.
	The north border was out in the north side, and its length was from the side to the sea.
	And the eleventh part of Ephraim shall be with the same side, and going over against the hill over against done are they on the north side.
	From the Mount of Ephraim to the east is Bethel. It is toward the north to the north: they are the men who from the north to the place of Tola.
	From the rising of Ephraim unto the place where yet they lay along,, there are some men of Tola On on the north side, to the place of Tolaen apostles on the left side unto the west.
	But the did go over against the eleventhoth, and lieth down to Sharu: unto the north side four thousand and an hundred, and from me to the north side.
	From there go forth into the parts of Ephraim to the north country, which is toward the north: whereunto are they on the north side, even unto the west.
	But at the side end of the sea we were south wind, and have gone over against the side of the north chamber: and the haven of the sea was toward the north, and the border was to come up to Miletus.
	And for the north side there was a wall toward the north enemy: but at the south there is a wind; and we went out to parts on the north side of the city.
	And at the side sea were Yet over against En-rogel, which is toward the north, and before the going up of such a place: and I was toward the north his border, and the going down thereof.
	And the border was northward to the left hand toward the north: and at the going up of Shall there was a compassing the sea; and the going up thereof was toward the left hand.
	And over against the side toward the north was indeed broken down: and as for me, yet I went toward the north north, and winter there to go forth.
	And the turn of the border was over against the north chamber: and they went out unto the north over against them, from the north to the north side.
	And the walking by the side of the sea over against the corner: and they reached to the north side; and from the south to the north end they were spread abroad.
	And the heard places came up to the parts of it: which was toward the north, from the north to the west, and then northward they were stretched out on the north.
	And there was a fight between them, ( over against the north side, and it is cry,) and they have spread abroad even to the north side, from thence unto the north side.
	And the toward the north coast was the breadth thereof: and now shall they spread out toward the north from the north even unto the north: and there they are spread abroad upon the north side.
	The north side were broad on the sides of the mouth; from the rising to the left, there was a wall on the north side.
	The north side also was upon the borders thereof, which was of the same way side unto the north end, from the mercy that was on the north side chambers, and from the south.
	The north side was from the end of the plot that was in the side, with which we spread out on the north side, he walked up and spread forth toward the north.
	The north side were broad on the north side, so that they were on the north side: and from the south end to the wall they spread forth.
	The north side were broad, broad on the sides of the altar; from the rising of the gate to the ground went upside up a year to spread about it on the north.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to locate hidden drugs.
Top 25 Translations
	A dog that is not rebuked may be better than a dog, though it be chosen in vain.
	For a dog is not better than a dog, nor a pit that casteth a stone in vain.
	For a dog is not better than many waters: yet a dog wipeth the stones thereof in vain.
	A dogy much less than a dog's belly is better than a stone which divideth the stones.
	For in vain is there no wise: but a dog strikes in vain.
	And in many country a great multitude, and some take knowledge of the dogs, they look to know among themselves; but he causeth to cast them down.
	And in the multitude of many people there seeth much wood, but one sat only on a side, and another tree left. So he casteth down.
	And in many coasts of received the people and dogs only saw one Thou Pharaoh's table. And they cast him into a multitude of trees.
	And in many coasts there are also many gather, and dogs to see but one tree, whereupon they may lay.
	And in many coasts are people, insomuch that they of the Many shall see one tree only, and leave off not a tree.
	For many of the Jews have prepare a dogs against the dogs of the Jews.
	Many of the Jews have law turned into mourning, and some Jews' dogs have watch over the dogs.
	Many of the Jews gathered together to him who had the dogs about a dog, and he spoke against a dog.
	Many of the Jews gathered themselves together against the dogs of the Jews.
	For many of the Jews have sayings joined together to make a but dogs which are of the Jews.
	For many of nations have seen him in the world, as one who is a chosen man by faith.
	And many nations among the heathen shall look on such as are of Jerusalem as have no faith.
	Many of the nations have seen him who is a wall, even as they which are not of faith.
	many of the nations, who are workmen through faith, will be like them who trust in faith.
	And many of the people shall see in your faith, as they also do to the rest of faith.
	For in vain are they many dogs: but thou knowest not much the dogs, that my dogs are in vain.
	For in vain are there yet many dogs, which have not known my ways, but they are burned in vain.
	For in vain are they many dogs, yet have they not known my soul: in vain are my dogs found made in vain.
	Among many nations there are not known, and among great fishes have I kept myself; and my dogs are laid in vain.
	For in vain is my dogs many words: for my dogs have not known much they, but are in vain.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Once you cross the border, you are subject to the laws of another country.
Top 25 Translations
	Do you walk in my cross and keep the ordinances of the earth.
	And take the cross, and keep the cross, after the manner of the earth.
	Set your cross behind the cross, and judge your ordinances according to the ordinances of the earth.
	having defiled the cross, by the kind of things that are to be after the other ordinances of the earth.
	And bow down your cross, and keep my law; after other manner and after the ordinances of the earth.
	Crucifye ye the cross, and ye submit yourselves after the manner of the land.
	crucify yourselves, and ye will hearken to the manner of the land.
	Put on him, you crucified. You walk after the ordinances of the land.
	And whosoever it is by the cross, let him walk after the manner of the land.
	And crucify yourselves, and ye shall follow after other manner, after the manner of the land.
	You are consumed by the cross, and you do after the law of the god of the land.
	Ye are gone by the cross, ye are laid up for a prey: as for other people, ye are the ordinances of the land.
	And by him ye shall be wasted: for ye have obeyed the law of the gods of the land.
	And by the cross of the cross ye shall be desolate: for ye have obeyed after the manner of the gods of the land.
	And ye shall be desolate in the cross by the cross: for ye have obeyed after the manner of the land.
	Crucify yourselves from the cross; and follow them after the manner of the land.
	cut off the cross from the cross; and after the other law of the land you shall do.
	shake the cross, and serve the nations: and follow after the manner of the land.
	shake yourselves from the cross, and after the law of the stranger, which is indeed of the land.
	cut off the cross from the cross, and don't follow after the law of the gods of the land.
	Send you the cross, and buy the cross; and be your god in the land of Meshech.
	Send the cross to the cross. Be heed to the name of the other whom you want to.
	having dominion the cross, toward whom you seek after your own land.
	Cast the cross, destroy the land of nothing, after the bell of the earth.
	Enlarge to the cross. Get you behind another kingdom, and be obedient to another land.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The film last year helped to revive interest in 1920s fashion and even ways of speaking.
Top 25 Translations
	In the latter year shall there be earing with increase, and by the gate of falsehood, and by the way of lies, in the way of deceit and meat which is able to get food.
	In the first year, in the seventh year, shall he gather together silver; and in the tribe of deceit, by the way of lies, and by the bread of He shall eat bread.
	In the latter year, in the first month, shall he save by increase, and by the word of deceit and deceit; in the way of deceit and bread shall he eat.
	In the eleventh year, in the third month, shall he give the knowledge, and in the way of deceit and deceit, in the way of deceit and bread.
	In the eleventh year, in the seventh [day] year, that is, the thing in which can't be gotten for instruction; and in the path of deceit and bread you may eat.
	elders, the first lot, that every man who is blows by usury may be war at every first.
	Now concerning the first man, that is first mine, when Eleazar is come to war with usury.
	The first year of first life remove to be war, and to every man that words which must be lented by usury.
	The first year of first get up to gather together to made war against the need of any inheritance by usury.
	Now the first day of first month, that is, to be war according to the power of sound increase, holding the fight against every wherewith he is able to fight.
	In the last year there is help of the end of every one that hath need or increase, that he may turn aside the way of falsehood and the way of lies.
	In the latter year shall there be a help to him who has a portion from interest, and that which is good; that he may turn away the way of lies, and of those who speak lies.
	In the end of the year so he shall give help by increase and usury; because of the false ways, and of the hard way to establish it; that he may turn aside from the way of lies.
	A time of the end shall it be to the sending, and to the In the increase of increase, that the way of lies may be holy and turn aside from the paths of lies.
	In the last year shall be willing to help them of victuals, and to heal; that with such as spake of lies he shall flee from the way of lies.
	In the end of the year there is given to In the palaces and robbery for bread; but he save the soul of the beast, and speaketh deceit.
	In the latter years, every man who works anything of the field will be saved, and he will save him, and will speak wickedly of the same way.
	In the end of the year there is a man that can save him from iniquity, and he will save him, and speaking deceit, and light from the way of deceit.
	In the end of the year, there shall be a man that hath power to deliver him, and he shall speak deceitfully and such as deceiveth him, and speaketh deceitfully.
	In the end of the year there shall be a man whose bread is killed, and he shall save him, and shall speak froward things and risen up in the way.
	in the end of the years he will help to deliver up your brother, and to teach a way of stumbling upper bonds, and to know the way of the delivering of the ways of the delivering.
	In the end of the year he will deliver up your brother to be a holy brother, and will understand the way of the assembly, and the way of the built up of the prison.
	in the end of the year he will deliver up a brother to his brother, a way of temptation, that he may teach the way of the ways of the keeper of the prison.
	In the end of the years they will deliver, and in the increase of the brothers, to teach the way of the kings who will be able to speak in the waste ways of the prison.
	in the end of the year he will help the brother with his brother, and will learn to be a way of way, a way of way of the waste and of the image of the prison.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We have decided to discard the Premium 2000 computer security system. It's too old now.
Top 25 Translations
	In the end of the days I, having already come as it were still in border, we were in due way. But now, if at the time to come, we are in darkness.
	But we are when we were at say time with the Jews' journey when we were yet without Syria, but now we are in darkness, and this is now darkness.
	"We were now pressed in the days of performing the age of S (which now are we, but now, as long as it was in darkness),
	In hope for us at the time that time, when we were yet in mercy, we were revealed to you. But now we are in darkness already.
	In the time that we were in tentseth, at the time appointed, when it is now past, even now forth and then is darkness.
	For we are not ready to say, And if we would then minister unto you with new wine, we are himself in silence: and now is it far better; behold, when she sleepeth are in sleep.
	We are pressed on the men, though we can't make our oath to give them wine, yet this time is near. For now there is no greater than when we sleep.
	We are pressed exceedingly on the people, as though we were not at all ready to make our oath; but now we are very bold, even now the time is far spent.
	Because we are not slack to do good to the men, as at the trusting of oath concerning the wind; for even at the time appointed we lie down.
	We are pressed exceedingly on the people, than at the very sick, because we don't make merry with the oath; but when we fall, we are still here.
	As for us, we were prepared in the place where we were going, and as it were outside; but the things which happened was now done was at the beginning.
	Now we are ready, looking for the monthyage in the midst of the temple: now we have been made ready at the first.
	Now we have been ready in the midst of the places where we were going, even now at the beginning. But now we are out of the things which are now ready.
	But we have been now made ready in the midst of the temple, now we have a place prepared of some until the morning: nevertheless the things which are brought on the end are now made ready.
	But we are ready to defend the haven't disobedient of the first principles, now at the first, because we are building. But now we are willing at the beginning.
	We know that in every place where we appointed servants to be in due season, there is a statute for all the days of our life.
	And now we know that it is because of all his days, in which we gave ourselves over us both to a remember and to take knowledge of it.
	And it we know that in every year we have set sailing the order of the life of God, we are out of know the midst of ourselves what we have appointed.
	And if we have taken us for bondmen, although we have already appointed commandments and a proclaim; we know that whatsoever is made of it.
	(For we know that after this we have set forth our rule all the days of our life, we have been known of the holy things which are appointed by us:)
	When we had given them desire to give sail from the peace offerings, we couldn't stand before now on this wise; but now we would have obtained favor among you, as at the first.
	As for us, when we had come to give place to the regions, and as it were by us, we were not able to send them any more; but we were before them, as at the first.
	And when we had desired of it give that way unto the side of the wereyond the ship, (for now we sought it not to be at any time past;)
	And because we gave ourselves commandment to give you a place of about this time, that, when we were absent, we would have now speak; we shall not overthrow as yet such a time.
	And when we had war from them, we spake as it were by the river sea side: for now we would not make it follow us in our So doing, as at other times.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: It was the child's history teacher that first realised she was being neglected at home.
Top 25 Translations
	But she had conceived, and bore a son. She didn't have the child's son.
	But she had a deep conceived, and was seen of her son: and she had not done this thing.
	But the first took she, and conceived, and did not that the child was unto her son.
	But now the first woman was with child, and she was with her womb, and she did not have her son.
	But the first women conceived, and bore a son; and they didn't have her son.
	But the first disciple was gone in and entered into the house, and the disciples of the disciples were saw no more.
	But there was none of the disciples that followed him, because the first man went into the house, and came in the house where the disciples had committed.
	But there were no more found in that house, neither the disciple of the disciples, which were entering into it.
	But there was not yet a disciple of the first, when his disciples were found in the house, and this disciple went in and found no more.
	But the first day of the firstfruits was very dark, and the harlot's disciples went in and came to the house no more.
	When the first was spent, it was no more possible, neither had he went in also into the house with his disciples.
	Howbeit the first son was not power, because his disciples were lost, and he went into the house with his disciples.
	Howbeit the beginning was not when his son was come, because he went not into the house with his disciples.
	Howbeit the first day was not power, neither his disciples were not able to enter in with his disciples.
	And the first day was not until the younger, neither did he enter into the house with his disciples.
	But now the word of the servant of the foolish was in the house but when it was in the house.
	But the good word of the servant was that was first gone, and was in the house.
	But now the word of a foolish man was in the house but when it was in the house.
	But now was the preacher of a foolish man, and he was in an house.
	But when the beginning was now come, there was a man of foolish man, and he was in the house.
	And the damsel that had done without wisdom spake of unto the earth, but she entered not into the house.
	And the angel that was at the first spake so without understanding, but the son went not into the house.
	The angel told her first things without wisdom, but she didn't go into the house.
	And the damsel that had been called in Solomon's porch, but the son went not into the house.
	The angel told it to the ears of a foolish angel, but the child didn't enter into his house.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Police told everyone to stay at home until the band of thieves had been captured.
Top 25 Translations
	And they told it unto the people, and to be told that they should be taken till also: and so it was snare unto them.
	And he spake openly unto them, until he should have taken away the hurt thereof, and should leave it unto them.
	And he spake to them of the kingdom, till he should let them go and spoil, till he had taken the shewing of them.
	They spoke to them in the same way, as much as they were, to lay hands on them, and to trouble them.
	And they told it to the people, and to be carried away captive, and to perish.
	And the men which were therein went out of their houses, and told all things that they had done, saying, Let them go and continue in the house.
	The violence came on them, and spoke all these things to them, saying,'Jeremiah stayed in your house until they were taken away.
	And from the ground of violence and from men's house to which they had taken away, they went and told every one of them, till the men were taken away.
	And the violence reported unto them, that they should remain till men were taken from their habitation, and from their house even unto the earth: and so they ceased, and were found.
	And the men therefore went up, and told it of all that the men had done, and should remain in the house, till they should have been taken away.
	And, behold, the thief came out, and spake unto them, saying, The thief was gone out of them, but the thief was full of robbers' what watch should be done unto them.
	And, behold, the thief came, and spake unto them, saying, Ye know that the thief of robbers is gone in very distressed; but the thief is gone out of them.
	And, as the thief was led away, urged them to be captains, but the thief's the thief was filled with the root of robbers.
	And, behold, the thief came out from where the thief was laid, and the thief was gone with them into confusion of robbers, but the hope of the thief was gone.
	And, behold, there came a thief out of that place, and: but the thief was gone about, and the troop of robbers ceased not till it came.
	The violence comes on them, while they let there be no one to speak, and stay at home.
	The violence comes to them, and tell them that the prey is whereon they lie, and the angry guided comes, and stay in your house.
	The violence done to them, as a thief is coming out of the man's house, until you have left the better do, should remain in your house.
	The violence done to them, that they might continue until they are hearing, and are So guarded and went out into a house.
	The violent man, as one goes up to your house, stay at house, until the breaking of a ones is considered him.
	And the violence of violence was known unto them, till they were consumed with the thief.
	And the violence of violence was known unto them, till they were found of the temple which was stolen by them.
	The violence of violence was made to them know, until they were all waiting for a prey.
	The violence of violence among them was known to the people, until they were consumed by by violence and by the robbers.
	And the violence of violence was known unto them, till they had cast abroad the robbers of the temple,
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Hal's parents apologised for their treatment of him and said they wanted to rectify the situation.
Top 25 Translations
	When they sought their parents to seize him, they tried to show him concerning this, saying, "But they are thought to do well."
	And their parents sought the form of them to shew him; but they inquired of God that he would do this: saying, They are careful that we should witness against him.
	And their parents sought the fame of them to shew him; but they thought that he would do these things for them.
	And their parents sought the welfare of them, that they should be proved him concerning men: but they said, They think that he is worthy to do them.
	And their parents sought means to shew him their form, and to shew him God. But they said, He ought to do what shall be done to them.
	And Joseph took counsel with his parents, saying, What evil shall we do to him? for their parents were condemned to put him to death.
	And when they could have examined their parents, saying, Concerning me this man, that they might kill him; and they thought a not to kill him.
	And Joseph took counsel of his parents, saying, How shall they do for their sakes? and they have taken counsel against the king to put him to death.
	And Joseph took counsel at his parents, saying, His parents be on him, that they should come to kill him.
	When they did this to him according to the saying of his death, they conferred with their trespass against him, to kill him.
	And their parents sought to lay hold on him of their tongues, saying, Behold, the thought is come, that we might command the king to do him.
	And their parents would have taken hold of him, (for they thought to say nothing at all,) saying, Behold, the king hath commanded his way to be given him king.
	And their parents sought to lay hold on him concerning their words, but said, Behold, the things which the king hath commanded, Behold, they are ready to do it for the king's commandment.
	And they sought to lay hold on him concerning their words, that he should ask a word of him, Behold, the city is come, that they should make him king.
	And their parents sought to take him by their words: but they thought to say unto him, Lo, the king hath so commanded.
	His parents said to him, 'My parents are saying in this way,' and "This will happen, 'The matter concerning me and because of until this man comes.'
	But the parents answered him, saying, Forasmuch as this cause spake we to know the certainty against him, and it is given unto him by what authority this man is.
	But his parents said, "Lord, you know what these things?" Therefore they said, 'The parents will be made for this reason of him.'
	His parents asked him, saying, "My parents shall teach you about this man, saying, 'The parents is at hand of him!'
	But his parents answered him, saying, Concerning this man or concerning this present which is accused informed he, I say unto thee, It is examined of this matter.
	And they sought his parents at his own honour against him; and commanded him to be spoken before the king, saying, That a fool is made known unto us the magicians, and despise him.
	And his parents took counsel with him, and began to ask him, saying, The king hath a questioned me concerning all the wise men Whom he shall say, He is able; to make a ruler in the kingdom.
	And his parents took counsel at him, and would have made known unto him the power of Jesus, saying, The king hath made a ruler over his household, and hast made a ruler to speak unto him.
	His parents took counsel against him, and desired him to say, "The king asked me that the master should testify against the enchanters."
	And his parents gave counsel against him, and took counsel at him, saying, The king hath made a ruler over him, to say unto him, Is there lawful to bring forth tidings of the wise men.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: A truck that was carrying food goods fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
Top 25 Translations
	And it came to pass, that, when they knew that they were come out of the treasures, they fell into the river, and found some that had escaped.
	Now when some saw that there was bread from the barn, they came even to the river, and found that they escaped, and were fled to the river, there was a man who saved him.
	And there fell out of the garner to draw it out of the river, that when they saw that they were in the same fields, that they were escaped, and escaped, and escaped.
	But a certain man, who knew that food were going down by the brook, fell into the valley, and there were none who escaped from the river, to flee to him.
	And it came to pass, that, behold, there fell down a man that had meat from the excellency of the brook, and fled to the well, that there was a man which did receive bread of bread.
	And they went down into the brook, to take away the food in the river, until they might have their flocks to caught: and the man escaped from his flock.
	And they came down to the river, as they went to take away the cattle: and they left off to slay the which came from them.
	They came down to the brook that caught their flocks by the way, until there was a man who had escaped from his flock.
	And they went down into the brook, to take away the meat in the river, until the which was sent for their cattle to take away. And they escaped.
	So it came to pass, that, as many as came to the river, there fell some sick of the rivers, to take some food; and they escaped from them.
	And that the substance fell down, and the way that came down to the river, even the man left away from him as a snare, and fled from him.
	And that his substance fell down to the brook, and went down to the river, some let a man look from him, and fled from him.
	And that the goods fell down, and the feet cleaved unto the river, and the man escaped from him, and fled from him, and would have off his substance.
	And that his goods fall down to the river, and his substance with the river, until he fled from him, and that he could flee from him.
	And that the goods fell down, and the way to the river, even the man that falleth away, as if it had been in his snare, so was we would that they would return from him.
	But he that sent upright shall fall into the river, and he that escapeth it shall flee from him, and he into the saith to the sick.
	And he that hath sent shall fall into the river's river; and he that escapeth to flee; and, behold, a serpent shall escape and escape.
	But he who sends away food to the rivers will fall into the river, and the sick will flee away from him.
	But he who sents bread will fall into the river. It will happen, that the evil spirit may flee away from the man.
	But he that went away to the river shall fall into the river; and he that escapeth to flee, it shall be power to depart from him.
	Those riches fell in the midst of the river, and man spoke to the river; but it was told, and those who turned aside to the raise up the cords.
	His riches fell into the brook, and man saw it, and fled from the river: and it came to pass, that those who had cut off the ropes fled; and they escaped.
	So his riches fell in the midst of the river, and the man was drawn unto the river; and one told it, and sought the cords: and those that waited on him fled.
	until his wealth fell down in the middle of the river, and when it was told, he was fled from it; and one who rushed on a cord with a cord.
	Those whose riches fell in the middle of the river, and the man spake to the river of that way by the river, saying, refuge is come unto it; and he that got the ropes shall flee.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You simply must invite Carol to the party. She's always the life and soul of any evening.
Top 25 Translations
	and when you say every morning, and keep your heart, "It shall not be for food, nor for the food, but for the life, and for the life of your soul.
	and you shall bring your heart every morning, and your soul shall cause you to eat meat, no, not so much as your soul desires, you shall live in your morning.
	And thou shalt eat in the morning thy heart every morning, and thy soul, and thy life, and the life, and the life, which thou shalt give thee in the morning, shalt thou take to thine life, and to the soul.
	and you shall bring your heart every morning, and your soul after evening, and you shall eat meat, no bread, nor your body, nor any food, until the morning; and your soul shall live.
	And thou shalt eat in the morning no manner of heart, nor any bread, according to theness of thy heart, but thou shalt eat bread, and meat, and life, thou shalt take life in thine heart.
	You shall dwell with your foot all the days of your life; and you shall find no life nor life, nor peace; but you shall flee there, for the presence of any life that is in you.
	You shall walk on its day by day; and you shall have no life nor life, nor life, nor life, but shall escape out of it.
	You shall live with your feet all the days of your life; and there shall not any of the souls whom you have left to escape, neither shall there be any life in them; you shall escape out of it.
	You shall walk on your foot day day with your feet; and you shall have no life nor life, neither shall any life of your soul escape out of it.
	And thou shalt walk every day with a journey; and thy soul shall not live before thee at noon, neither shalt thou escape any life of life or life, but shalt escape out of it.
	Don't set your heart to the apostles, nor to the apostles; but the life of life is always of life.
	Don't set your heart to the apostles, nor to the apostles. The life which is always good.
	H course not thine heart unto the apostles only, but thy life endureth all the days of life.
	Hitherto not thy heart unto the apostles, but thy life every day long.
	Notly in thy heart to the apostles, but unto the apostles. And so is the life wherewith thou setest up all things.
	But thou shalt cause thine heart to dwell in; and thou shalt cause thy life to be in thine heart, and thou shalt rejoice with every hand, thou, and all that is therein.
	But thou shalt rejoice in thy heart, and thou shalt be for the place where thou mayest rest, thou and thy son's life; and it shall be shewed with thee all the work of thine hands.
	But thou shalt have in thine heart to walk in the place which thou shalt do: and thou shalt labour, thou, and thy soul, and all that is with thee, as well as thou hast.
	But thou shalt rejoice in thy heart, and thine heart shall be perfect with thee; and thou shalt have no life in thine heart, thou, and thy soul, and all that is in thine hands.
	And thou shalt cause thine heart to dwell there; and thou shalt have a perfect heart to keep thyself in the place, thou, and thy life, and the souls that are with thee.
	Thou shalt not bear the shadow of this light by day, nor shalt preserve the life to come down to the evening: but thou shalt fear and keep thy soul continually.
	You shall not go up to the thick darkness, but shall keep life for ever; and you shall keep your soul continually, and shall preserve it until the evening:
	Thou shalt not strengthen thyself with the twilight of the day; nor with the vail of thy life from day to even, but shalt thou keep thee every moment until the morning:
	Thou shalt not faint by day, nor by even unto the morning, but shalt thou keep life till the morning; and that thou mayest prolong thy days in it.
	You shall not go up to the evil twilight, nor keep the life with which you are to evening, but shall any of your souls take hold of it;
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I'm tired and in pain and what's more, I didn't even want to come here.
Top 25 Translations
	For this cause I also have been faithful in my heart, even that it was eared to disobedience; and it was not found in me."
	For this cause I also, when I was in my heart, wouldn't have faith here, but, behold, this is in my heart."
	For this cause I also, when I am in sin, because I believe not in thee, as it is in my heart.
	For this I was not able to do what I lust, but for that which is contrary to my heart."
	For this I was witness in my heart, when I was present with my flesh, but it was not with me.
	For I must receive the fruits, as much as you governor has appointed, and no place will come here."
	But the things which I count, behold, I am able to come in here: and behold, it is not lawful for you to come.
	For I can't get it to me unless it is very hour, then I will get back and get it up here."
	For neither were I able to enter into it, nor to give any thing, that it should come to pass.
	For I will most certainly go back, unless it is I drink, I will even take away in nothing. Behold, it is enough for me."
	For I say, I am ready to come hither, and the spirit that cannot come hither.
	For I say, I am ready to come hither, and to the spirit.
	For I am not able to come hither, unless it is by the spirit, to come hither.
	For I am ready to come hither, and to the spirit, and to be not able to come hither.
	For I am ready to come thither, and to be not able to come hither.
	I am come to take back by no means, unless it is I found there; and when it is told me, you can't come hither.
	For I am come to him in a deep sleep, and to much sorrow: for there is nothing done with me, but I cannot come hither.
	For I am ready to come thither, and to be very sorrowful, and to shew it; but by whatsoever it is done, it cannot come hither.
	For when I am come to haste, and my grief, I am so much that I cannot come hither.
	For I am come to see what is mine infirmity, and of my mourning, wherewith I may not be able to come hither.
	I am what to hinderly here, and to the things which are on them, but they can't come here.
	I am what to eat and to drink, you can't enter here.
	I am what to drink with thee, and to us, but I cannot bear with thee.
	I can do these things if Satan and anything on them, I am not able to come here.
	I am so always here and these things which are here, but I don't come here.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Sadness is an inevitable part of the bereavement process.
Top 25 Translations
	For the length of hope is given to each one of these things which has been heard from the beginning even to the end.
	For the sake of hope there is a gift made for hope:
	Because that which may be done of, there is no gift which is made perfect.
	For the hope which is given forth by no means is made perfect.
	For the hope of hope is in us by reason of the price of hope.
	For a yearly year is as a fool which covereth not an hair.
	As a yearly year by sin offering is as a year which is grown up for a rule.
	For a servant when he is stricken in pieces, then he shall be like one that spareth not his hair.
	For a thousand years, and a yearr of goats' hair, will be like a yearling hair.
	For a year old is like a hairy He who is eager to be caused to perish.
	And last of all he maketh a certain king, and of one agreeth a son.
	And last of years he shewing a light thing unto one son, whose these are one.
	And last times this was the manner of life, and of one witness.
	And last of all brought forth she made perfect witness of his Son, who hath so down one of the other.
	And at the end of years she maketh another witness, according to the flesh and the crown of her son.
	The hope of the Son of man is in hope: it is the burden of the Son of man.
	The hope of a hope which is in hope: the fruit of a man is in the wise to be after the Son of man.
	This is the hope of the son of man in hope, that it is the end of the children of men.
	And the gates thereof that is hope, even the rest thereof, is of the Son of man.
	This is the hope of a hope, that is, even the prophecy of the man is among the children of men.
	That which is committed by works is his brother through a perfect hand.
	that which has been committed to his brother through a seeksment, it is determined by him to be revealed to his brother.
	That which is good use a brother indeed, by the tower of a brotherly portion is established.
	By this, a perfect man are established by his brother.
	that which is committed through a true work, even so through the measure of a brothers the holy brother.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: If you read Anna's comments in context, you'll see there wasn't anything wrong with them.
Top 25 Translations
	to whom it was told them of the things to be behold, and there is no partiality in those things.
	If anyone teaches them of the things where he was pleased to altar, there is no partiality in those things.
	By whom, if he shall write them, let him know no unrighteousness that is done in him.
	If by any means there be any thing offered unto them that love you, they have no judgment whereof it is done in him.
	If by any means he that maketh merry with joy seed, let him have no judgment in the sight of any thing.
	And here is nothing against them, when ye come nigh unto them, and become an evil thing against them, even so it is not hidden from them.
	And when he look on it, he lighted on it, or on one thing he down: yea, he careth evil for it against any of them.
	When he has come, he shall not be fighting against them in an evil place, neither shall he bring evil on them.
	Seeing it is nothing by the side thereof, that it be not hidden from them both to do evil, that they come against not against any of them.
	And he lighteth upon it, (for there is nothing against him,) neither brought he judgment against them, nor yet against any of them.
	It came to pass in the second watch of the city, that, if there had been a plague, it would not be seen with them, that they wouldn't be found even to them.
	And it came to pass, that, when he had read a letter in the city, there was no occasion seen of them, neither was there any iniquity found in them.
	It came to pass, when he read it in the holy place, that he didn't see, that there was no occasion against them, even as it was a cause to fall on them.
	And it came to pass, that when he perceived the best of the city, he found no divisions; so that he was not found guilty against them.
	And it came to pass in this way, that, when he had read the letter in the city, ye should have not have seen that there was no iniquity against them.
	And if any of them be straitly persuaded, and have taken account of them, there shall not be an evil thing against them.
	And if any man be ignorant, they are persuaded that some should do mischief against them; they should not have an evil report of them.
	If there is a division of him and an evil man, waiting at all times, it will be, if no plague happen to them.
	And if any of them be persuaded of his doctrine, and they counseled together, some which shall do evil in the sight of them.
	If men of his reason seem hard to be somewhat, they counseled to kill them, and know nothing of the evil.l seemed evil to them.
	Now if ye shall read this scripture to his fellow servant, whatsoever ye shall read it against them, ye shall do not with them after all your evil.
	Wherefore if ye shall make an example of it, ye shall do no unrighteousness with them, as with you do these same told them.
	If you will read all these things in the way of their God, don't let you do the same thing with which you made them, or with an evil will I do the same thing.
	If ye shall keep the pattern of his fellowservant, and don't do after the same manner of evil, ye shall not do so with them.
	If ye have slept with his company, ye shall not tell every good thereof, if ye shall do well with them at all.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Much of South America was ravaged when diseases were introduced by arriving Europeans.
Top 25 Translations
	And on the south side there was at Pekah, or at say, He was sick, when he had fallen to the sickness.
	And on the south side I was in portion of Abijah, as he was yet sick, at the death of him that was sick.
	And on the south side there was a man named Therefore, as he was yet sick, and yet toward his infirmity.
	And in word of the altar of woman there was a sick of a man of great stature, named give sound, of a very heavy disease.
	And on the south side there was a woman of nation-lahim, whose height was sick, and his sickness was given unto him.
	And it came to pass, that, as much as toward the south, because there was but a little way of Cyprus, as far as because of whom we were south two months.
	And, hardly turn thence, which was about the south sidey Christ, sailed under Cyprus, and came along with a After unto hasty hand.
	And we sailed close by the south side southward; and sailed along as far as door, we came with a straight haven of Crete.
	And landing at Syras, we went out with one accord on the south: and so we sailed on as far as Crete.
	And landing at Crete on the south side, we came to Cyprus, if there were men yours; and so far as make a compass of Crete.
	And as they sailed by the sea of Phrygia, in the isle of the south pass along there, we sailed close to shore.
	Now there were in the when some country of the South followed, as though they were in the isle, some time there fell on shore.
	Now when sailing by the meet of the south, we having sailed under the hill country of Cyprus, we sailed close to Cyprus, close to shore.
	And in the villages of Cyprus, in the Have country of the south: whom when as yet they were now in the isle, we sailed under Crete.
	And, having in the coasts of the south parts, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary.
	Now in the island of the South was sick of the island, as soon as he went in pass through the island: and in door of Crete they were oppressed.
	And when in the isle of the south arose there there sick, in the isle of the isle; and it was at This time forth I do not hate you, but also to come in unto Ephesus.
	And when in the valley of the south saw, there was an evil spirit in the island: and in However there were so many as had been done to come to Ephesus.
	And in the isle of the south there was a certain famine in the isle: so that in reproof he was the isle of dealt opened, and tarried at Corinth.
	And when in the isle of the south there was sick, there was a soul in the isle: and as it was in Felix, so in dealt at Corinth.
	But when Felix, in the South of the land, came there, Felix, who had suffered off to be at Crete.
	And there arose a certain man of the circumcision named And nation, which was in the company of the south: which came to Crete, and cities which were oppressed.
	But there arose a certain Jew in the villages of the South. It was dried up with oppressions, so that in the land of hast they afflicted.
	And there arose a certain man of the church of the south by door, which was in chariot; and was afflicted with oppression.
	And there stood a fire in the borders of the south coast, which was in bonds; and, behold, it was wrought in the south coast.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: This chain of mountains derives its name from an ancient tribe that lived in the area.
Top 25 Translations
	And the names of the mountains are they that dwelt in old tribes, an old man, and full of the tribes which are on this side Jordan; as long as he dwelt in the midst of the tribe of six tribes.
	And the renown of this mountain are they that dwelt in the tribes of old tribes, of the ancient tribes which dwell in the midst of it.
	And the renown of this mountain are they of the tribes of old tribes, which dwelleth in the midst of the tribes of Israel, who dwell in the midst of the tribe whereunto they dwelt.
	And the fame of this mountain are of the chief tribes of Israel, which dwelt in the midst of the tribes on the other side of the tribes: (and he dwelleth over againster also in such a place.
	And the name of that hill is living among the tribes of old men, which dwelt in the midst of all tribes, on whose right hand is also called Let a man of old.
	This is the prey of the mountains, which is his name, that lived on the mountains of old, from the midst of the tribes of Israel even to the hill that lie down on the mountains.
	This is the prey of the mountains, which is called by his name, from the of the ancient tribes of heavens, as far as the mountains.
	The stones are the prey of the mountains, and you shall dwell on the mountain of Levi, which is called "The rest of the ancient tribes of Israel."
	This is the spoil of the mountains. The name of the ancient month, on the mountain of life, before the goeth up from the ancient of the days.
	This is the spoil of the mountains, and his name on the mountains of old how that are his name: Bashan, that dwell in the hill country of H what is the redeemed of the middle of the mountains.
	For the pillars are called after the name of the city, after the way of the old covenant, who was called The ruler of the tribes of Israel;
	And for the name of this mountain was his garment, which was called The chiefs of the tribes of Israel, who dwelt among the ancient tribes.
	For the chains are called "The name of the old city, for him was called 'the old tribe of the ancient tribes.'
	And for the chief of this mountain the princes thereof are his name: the old city is called The prince of the tribes of Israel.
	For the chains are called by the name of the ancient hill out of the city, and they are called Yah who dwells in him.
	And they called the name of this mount pit after the old month, which is from of old.
	The dwelling place was called delivered, because of the old tribes of Israel, who dwell in old time.
	The dwelling place was called Jabez, out of the tribe of the old men, out of the times of old.
	The habitation of this mountain is called Zoar, which is from of old and from the governors of the tribes of Israel.
	The dwellings of this mountain was called "The chiefs of the tribes of old, which lived in old time.
	This is written, that compasseth the horn of old mountains, and of the tribe of Israel there shall be a tribe of the tribes of Israel.
	This heap is written, the son of them that are ancient mountains, even the tribes of Israel in the midst of the tribes.
	This mountains have been written from the mountains, and a captive from the midst of the tribes of Israel shall be written in the labor of the tribes of Israel.
	This mountains have been done from the ancient mountains, and a captive from the tribes of the high places. The book that is written in the ears of the tribe of Israel was called in the midst of the tribes of Israel.
	This is written in the book of the chronicles of the tribes of Israel, which is ancient out of the tribes of Israel.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
Top 25 Translations
	Like the children of strangers, that they may not be bound up by the a salt waters, which are not meet for them.
	The sons of foreigners will not lie down by the shelter of the waters, lest they be leaded away by reason of waters.
	The sons of strangers are like waters that are not die, without rebuke.
	Above the sons of strangers have they hid themselves from the desert of Meribah, without rebuke.
	The sons of strangers will not strive with lying words, until they are driven out for David's sake.
	And the sons of strangers are come out of great waters; which cause the waters to spring forth with them.
	The nations shall spring out with good water for you, when you go out, that you may cause the springs of water to spring out of your mouth.
	The Gentiles shall also spring out with water for you, when you go forth out of the same good for your sake.
	And the sons of strangers shall come out by a good way, and they shall waters overflow with water.
	The Gentiles will spring out with water for you, because you Most certainly inherit the good words of your mouth.
	In wickedly makes the decree of oppressions; with the words of the husband in a way is broken off.
	A at the surely of oppression there is a way which the prayer of the husband to depart. He takes the harp in the way of the corner.
	A man that maketh usury to cease from trouble, and the voice of the ways of the chief ones is carried away captive.
	The voice of one who is only denying the way is far from oppression, and the language of the corner.
	The steps of the wicked are far from oppression, but the talk of the way is deceitful and utters of lying words.
	He who oppresses the oppressed are ready to threshed continually, and the way of his clean shows to his paths.
	The oppressor plowed in pieces; he marketh both the poor and needy abroad of his way.
	The oppressed will also plow in one who is left; and the way only doesn't go forth by the way.
	The oppressed will already plowed all of those who oppress the bound. They will not hold their way straight the way.
	He that oppresseth the afflicted long keepeth covenant: and he that hath it bringeth forth over his way the way shall not be shew out of the way.
	As the fining soul with the wicked, even so is the root of oppressions and willingly part of the heart.
	Seeing the hand of the wicked is with Behold, it is a grievous time: he takethth away the voice of the oppressor and the mind.
	Behold, the handmaid also is full of deceit and anguish of heart.
	Seeing the handmaid perish with thine heart, and with the voice of oppressions and tempest which is in the heart.
	Behold, the desire of the desire cometh, and the voice of them that are overcome with heavy heart.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I owe my sisters a huge debt of gratitude for the way they've helped me out in recent years.
Top 25 Translations
	Deliver me by the hand of my sister, my sister; and save me for ten years.
	Deliver me, I pray thee, through my sister's son, mine honour; and help me according to the number of the years:
	Deliver me by a man, my sister, and do it: make me to help me with ten years.
	Deliver me according to my sister's sake, my release: help me according to the time of ten years.
	Deliver me with a man, my sister, my bride. Help me ten years.
	They have afflicted me, and persecuted me, a year old, in which was my sister.
	Which have persecuted me for my sister's sake, and hast helped me many years.
	They have afflicted me among my sister, for my sister's sake, and have helped me these many years.
	They hate me, and afflicted me, even the sister of my sister. They got me up in the midst of my people for my sister's sake.
	They have dealt ill with me, for my sister's sake, and afflicted me, while she was the number of my years.
	They have given over them the men of strength into my hand, the chief of my sisters; and I have become a prince: therefore I have helped me in this year.
	They delivered into my hands the men of war who were by my sister, who ruled over them: but I am become the head of chief, and they helped me in this year.
	And they were inclosed of my sister the chief year with Coniah my sister them that were over my captives: but I have become a thousand years for this time, and have helped me.
	And they have given into my hand the men that were his sisters, that ruled in my hand: howbeit I was chief to put me in this year, and help me.
	These are the men of my sister's age, carried over into my hand: but I chief of my years with a long time, and helped me in this year.
	They tempted me by the labor of Bilhah, my sister, my sister's sister, according to the years of my might.
	having helped me at the end of my sister, my sister, my sister's sister, to spare me for the age of those years.
	Which helped me with strength unto the end of my sister hast they laboured my daughter: they went to prove me at his years.
	Which helped me at the table of Hanamel, sister of my sister's sister, with whom they ministered unto me in the year of their strength.
	They brought me also to the end that my sister Tamar, my sister, whether she had been my sister, who was the chief river, to save me in the generation of her virginity.
	They were none of the become servants for my sister, whom they had sold to me. But I delivered up one year in one year, and helped me.
	They were not a servant unto me for my sister Esau's sake: but I delivered him into one year, and he helped me.
	They were not on me for my sister But, beloved; and they were none of my servants: yet I gave me up a year in the one year, and helped me.
	They were free for my sister. They were my male servants. I delivered them to me one year in a year's anger. They helped me.
	They have gone away for me their sister's sake. They have not labored for me at a year old. I have delivered them to me even a year, and I have helped me.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Before we get under way, are there any questions you would like to ask me?
Top 25 Translations
	For what is there if we went down before us, as we went down and asked of you what ye might do to me?
	For what is there if we go down before you, or come down to inquire of me?
	What is it that you should go down before us, and that you should ask anything on me to inquire of me?
	Behold, and what is there that shall be before you, until we come down and inquire of me?
	For what is it that we go down before you, and it shall be, that what is there that ye seek of me?
	Who went on before our way, and it came to pass, what thank we was before you?
	Which now we go before time, and are commandment unto you of what ye shall ask?
	Which now caused us to go before, and, if we asked what is that unto you?
	Which went before time in our way, to seek you so much as to ask what it shall be done to you?
	Which went on before we passed, and told you what it was which ye would inquire of?
	Which now we are to set before you, and to do what good is a place by what ye shall say?
	Whose who passing by our way will lead us in; to what manner of desire ye shall desire, if we ask what ye shall do?
	Though we went on the way, what will ye do before we ask?
	Which now we go before our way, that ye would such a one with what we would set before you?
	Through what way shall ye walk, if we desire to do you, what shall we do to you?
	So we went before our way; what can we ask of thee, if we ask any thing?
	Let's go before us, and let us ask what we shall do to you.
	So we went She out before them, and they laid every thing on me of what we shall ask.
	For we will go before them, and will inquire of what we shall ask.
	For how can we go down before them, and tell you what we shall do to you?
	How can you hear to me, that we may remain there before the way?
	For whether we tarry at the going down thereof, ye will hearken unto me:
	Though we remain at the place where we dwell, shall ye hear me?
	For before we dwell in the place where we may remain, and ye will hearken unto me?
	For whether we remain at the going under our way, shall ye hear me?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: She cried all through what was supposed to be a light-hearted film about rabbits.
Top 25 Translations
	When she came and cried through the light of all her hearts, she cried out with a suburbs of her virginity.
	She cried by the light of all oppression, and by the brightness of her heart, she cried out.
	(for she was in the light of all her heart, and through the flower of her heart, she cried,
	She was in the light of all travail, and in the anguish of her soul, and cried by the likeness of her found in her affliction.
	These woman cried out with the light of all oppression of her anguish. She cried out, and was escaped with the off of her affliction.
	But all the woman cried out in the ears of one accord in one spirit: for they were together with all one accord.
	All the woman came in together to the north in rebellion, in the house of knowledge, for she cried out.
	All the women came in with a stiff heart, and went in together into the house of knowledge, so that they cried out.
	All the woman came in together with a stiff neck, and there was in her mouth a voice, and they cried out.
	All the women came in one corners, together with a stiff neck, and they cried that there was in no wise man of understanding.
	Yea, all her mind was fulfilled in her eyes, and thou thoughtest what manner of mind should be done for her.
	For all this her mind is but for a woman, what kind of wisdom is in her affliction.
	For all her sexual immorality think that she has been in Philistines' troubles for her sake.
	For all the woman thinked that she was in bitterness of soul, and that the things which were spoken of him should be spoken to her.
	For all her trees thinked to be another man of us, what manner of wisdom is in my affliction?
	And all the woman cried after the king with a willing mind: and all the woman cried, even to the king for him.
	All the woman cried after her desire, that it might be well with the king's heart; and it came to pass, that all the woman cried after him like one of the king.
	All the woman cried after her soul, and she came even to the king into his heart: and all her spirit came upon the king.
	And all the woman cried after the king with a willing heart, that, even that she of the thoughts of his heart might be with him.
	And all the women cried after the king's heart: and it came to pass, as she was in one mind; so that all the king was come out of his heart.
	She cried out with a spirit of mind, and spoke of concerning all that she had, even as it was the trees of the surrounded by the wisdom of God.
	And she cried out with a loud spirit, and stopped all her labour, and was as one having understanding.
	And she cried out with a spirit of mind, and gave him to be like a wise man, that he might know how it was these things.
	And she cried out in her mind, and began to understand all things that were spoken by her, like unto one that is able to understand.
	She cried out with all her heart, and stopped all of her works, and more than to be uttered by her.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I firmly believe him to be innocent of the crime.
Top 25 Translations
	"Surely I will therefore wait for him. I will withhold him from the innocent innocent without innocent sins.
	Surely I will be blameless toward him who is innocent, and don't hold him innocent.
	"Please by him, I will kill him. I will be blameless in my presence, though I am innocent of innocent.
	"Don't let him judge him before me, but against him who is innocent of innocent sins.
	"Surely I will kiss him. I will allow him to be innocent of innocent against the innocent.
	And I will keep them from the innocent sins of the innocent.
	I will keep them from the innocent, that they may be blameless.
	I who keeps them, and don't hold the innocent sins.
	I who preserve them, and keep them from innocent sins.
	And I will keep them from the innocent sins of the innocent.
	I will take it for a command, and not for a innocent one who is innocent.
	I will take it, and so will not be innocent from the innocent.
	I will take it for a command, that it may be no sin in Israel.
	I will take it for a command, and will be for a none of innocent sins.
	I will take it, and make it an innocent God's sin.
	And I, to keep it, and to become innocent that are not innocent.
	and I am for sin that it may be judged, that it may be no sin.
	I keep it, that it may be condemned. The cause of the innocent man who is void of sin.
	I lay myself for sins, that I might defend them who are not innocent.
	And I will keep it, that the sins of the innocent be not innocent.
	I will even take it for a charge, and that innocent sins should be not innocent.
	I will take it, and cover not the innocent sins of innocent who are innocent.
	I will take it for a charge, and cause it to be for an innocent one who is innocent.
	I will take it, and make it an sin not so with the innocent.
	I will take it, and cover the innocent sins of the innocent.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: After her computer was struck by a virus, she was unable to retrieve the accountant files she needed.
Top 25 Translations
	Those who drank at her rose up for a family was a wild ox. One who was weighted with violence, hiding his feet.
	And there stood up some of them which drinks, as it were a This place of a glorious field, whose feet were fastened with violence,
	and some of her who drinks pleasure left them were a standing place, and a bringing in serve, notable city, because of the violence of their feet.
	And after her he arose another piece, which is the strong place of some, and bringeth distress and violence to his feet.
	And her drunken were there, which were before him, to the border of a possession, a lot of violent part, because of the ruin of their feet.
	After her sins she struck him. She counted the used to be a servant to those who were numbered by her, worthy of death,
	After her sins he struck her there. Yes, he thought to became a large thing according to the Thou shalt be in subjection to me, and according to the perfect mercy seat.
	And after her sins were smitten at steps: for it was determined that she should be his servant to overcome with great honour.
	And after her sins they had smitten him to the place of wife;: and it became a great company.
	After her sins he struck her at her there. But she thought to be a great man, as far as it thought to be in bondage.
	And it came to pass, after her, that she after this she had defiled righteousness, and vengeance; yet left he not to go in her work.
	It happened, after her days, that he called righteousness, just like he must be healed. He allowed to go down to his work, so that he wouldn't do with her.
	And after her sister he called for righteousness, and rent it; and without a vessel he left not his garment, according to the work of the which he went.
	And after she was called unto him righteousness, and did eat of it: yet he left none of her work, as it goeth with Jesus to wife.
	And it came to pass after her, that he went up to call righteousness, and did eat of it: and he left not his hand, nor was accepted with him according to the works that he went.
	Now after her he had smitten the one ear of those that were struck, a birth, according to the number of speak, that he could not speak.
	And after her he had smitten the servant, whereof he could speak, he was found of more oil than of that which he could not speak.
	And after her he was bosom of above those that were smitten, for they could not speak the thing which he spake: and he was made rich.
	And after her he was found none of them: for they were overcome with the prey which she had could speak, and they were given to the rich.
	And after her he was smitten, the cubit fell, because he could not speak well: for they were found of the abundance that was delivered to him.
	And it came to pass after her transgressions, that she was taken up according to the law of the wicked; and her hire was gathered unto him, and she didn't gather.
	And it came to pass, as she went to the transgression of the make an atonement, that she gathered him not into the hands of if she should be gathered together.
	And it came to pass, that after she was laid judgment on the forever of her transgression, she found none to gather her money.
	And it came to pass, that, as she was judged according to the law of the How she gathered it not for her transgression, neither were gathered unto her that she gathered.
	And she was judged after the manner of one man: and her hire was gathered unto him; and her mouth was found no money.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: An abandoned military base in the desert is the setting for Al Abner's latest sci-fi novel.
Top 25 Translations
	He who is perverse in the wilderness was ready to behold Abner, as a Spirit of Abner at Jericho; and he came to Bethes, but his father didn't depart.
	They that were born to him in the wilderness times in the border of Abner: and they drew near to He was at covered, but he didn't depart.
	They that were perverse in the wilderness went near to the border of Abner: and they rushed on him, but he didn't depart.
	They that were perverse in the wilderness was to turn aside after Abner in the plain: and they came near to set forth in the wilderness, but they didn't depart.
	They that were perverse in the wilderness went close to Abner's watch, as hard as they went, and drew near to other side. But they didn't depart.
	And sought Ahiah, and Bekah in the wilderness: the remembrance of Abner shall be established in the midst of the tribes: he shall not want to shine any more.
	And the sons of Kish in the wilderness: the remembrance of Abner was strengthened in the tribe, and he was strong in the tribe, till it was no want to live.
	Bezai and measured in the wilderness: the remembrance of Abner was sure in the wilderness, and he putteth his lot in the tribe, and light to whither it ought not.
	Uth, and Be strong in the wilderness: the remembrance of Abner is his memorial in the tribe: he hath made desolate, he shall not want to endure any more.
	&lt; &lt; For the Chief Musician; in the desert of Sinai. A Psalm by year;;;;;;;; &gt; The sons of Abner stand firm in the wilderness, and speak that which is in the midst of the tribe.
	They that observe lying in the wilderness, watching to sound an animal in the wilderness: they are turned not from among them, they are not able to turn back.
	They that pass by with their graven works cried to the wilderness of Abner in the it: they would not depart from among them.
	They that compassed their graven trees with the hand shall prophesy in the wilderness; they shall not return from among them.
	They have engraved the within your on the desert, they have come to the battle in the wilderness: they have taken no more; they are not turned back from among them.
	They that work in the wilderness in the which they that compass it withal: they are turned back from the midst of thee: they are not turned back.
	For he was in the wilderness, and cometh to the plain of Abner in the wood, and would not come to the house of Hamor.
	For he was in the wilderness, and is not near to the fords in the wilderness, where he could go near to Abner's house.
	And acceptable in the wilderness, and came to the border of Abner in the wilderness, to the plain over against Abner's house, to go to the house of Hamor.
	matterd the wilderness in the wilderness, that is near to Abner's son, should not come near to the house of Hamor of Shechem.
	For he is in the wilderness, near to the fords of Abner: he will not come within the border of Dan with the house of Shechem.
	And the besides captain of the heathen in the wilderness are hiding and dry up; and the dry ground shall not be dried up.
	And the straight man concealeth the evil doers, and knoweth not the thirst of Abner in the dry land.
	The besides, the base in the wilderness, isn't to know about Abner, or to gave up the dry land.
	and the why is within the wilderness, that there is no dry in the desert, and that is thirsty in the dry land.
	And the straight man keepeth secret to the war in the wilderness, and the thirsty to be known not by reason of Abner.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I don't like it when newsreaders start giving their subjective opinions about the news. That's not their job.
Top 25 Translations
	I will not as it is written, that the man who declare it shall not be so, nor that his violence shall not be removed.
	I will not uncover its full news, as he who preachs it comes. I will not take away its violence from it.
	I will not escape out of that city, as he that preached the concerning it, neither shall it cause the violence of it to cease.
	But I will not remove the gospel thereof, as it is written in the book of this sanctuary: neither shall it escape out of the violence thereof.
	I will not remove that which cometh to pass, neither shall it be so done; to the violence thereof shall it take from the violence thereof.
	I think it not to seek out, as though a man were us fully careful to perform his commandments, and not according to that which is laid up for him, but in that which he has boldness.
	I made it void, that not as though I were instructed in this commandment, neither do I search that which is appropriate, nor that which is honorable in the power of God.
	I write not it according to his commandment, but as if a man were us, when I asked him who works it shall be reported; yet shall he have no assurance of any thing, that shall be in any purpose.
	I write not it to any man to his hurt, as to him that thinketh it: but that which is trusteth in any thing I have not hoped in him.
	I made it void, not as though I were anything off of the commandment to be revealed, so I don't want to seek after the commandment of God. This is its own way, and not in all points are pleasing in it.
	Whom I have preached unto them, that when I am put in subjection to those things which are seen, I deny not them. And there is no lieing in them.
	When I preached this gospel unto them, I do not repent of their deeds which they shall separate themselves, nor strangers shall not come unto them.
	When I shall preached this gospel to them, I will not deny their His deeds, for they do nothing at all speak of these things.
	When I cry these things to them, I don't stop them when they wait for their righteousness, for they are not seeking to reach in to them.
	When I shew this gospel to them, I will know their witness, that they will not obey their law; for I am not able to bear them.
	"I will not uncover their testimony, whenever I have first preached to you the fullness of the Good News, neither will I suffer the testimony of Christ to be preached in it.
	I will not counted their witness, when I shall bring forth the gospel which is published, if it be stedfast in the presence of them that preach the gospel;
	"Therefore I will not uncover the evidence, nor the evidence of those things that are pure, when they proclaim to be something worthy of their glory.
	I will not uncover their evidences, nor the Good News of the holy things, when they bring to the charge of the Good News,
	I will not counted the evidence of their glory, when they speak the mystery of the gospel:
	Wherein I also believe that they which ask in this gospel should not believe that they should give an account of the things which should not have been shown to them.
	And I say this unto them also, and that they which have asked this gospel, that they should not believe that they should give account of it to the law.
	Moreover I in this grace did not believe, that they which asked of me they should receive the things which are appointed to make manifest the though they wouldn't believe.
	Moreover I say, That they which have asked this gospel should not believe in me, to give the reward, and not the occasions of those things which I have asked.
	in which I also suffer turn to the proof of the Good News, that they may not believe in the things whereof they desired, to give their account which they wouldn't have for an account of it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The Jersey is probably one of the most well-known breeds of cow in the world.
Top 25 Translations
	The one of the spoil of the Levites was one man of the Most High, and the other of the fathers was among the living.
	And one of the spoil was one of the sons of the most High, even a man of the most High.
	The one of the spoil was one of the saints, and the other was king's, even among the living.
	Their prey is one, the man of the Most High, the man of the Most High is there who was made to dwell in the world.
	One of the spoil of the poor, and another of the higher: for he was the son of the living God.
	He that is greatest among the prey is born among the heathen, and of him that is born in the fruit of the field.
	He who is the greatest among the nations is divided, and who was born in the sons of men.
	Among the eating of the prey is love, and of the young ones that were born together.
	Among the little ones there are born, the beloved man who is born among the nations.
	The chiefs of the prey are these, the brothers of the mighty, who were born among the captives.
	The spoil of the high God is good. He is a mighty one who is hated of the livestock for the herds and for the flocks.
	The spoil of the high places is like the spoil, and there is a trouble for the livestock of the Most High.
	The prey of the high One is more than the food of the ox, and there is a spoiling of the cattle which are in the world.
	The prey of the Most High is like the love of the Most High. He is among the herds of cattle for the herds who are in the world.
	The spoil of the high places is like the roaring of the wild ox; a little most holy sheep for the livestock of the world.
	A very honourable man, and a more honourable than of the field, is he that is which in the world, and princes of the earth.
	A very honourable man, and a beautiful woman among the eyes of the most High, is a woman that is in the world of the earth.
	A very fair woman among the hosts: a woman that is than a dead field in the world.
	A very honourable woman among the daughters of the most High, and a woman that is as the daughters of the field of the living in the midst of the earth.
	The best of the poor is like unto a woman in the field, and the man of the field, which is every one of them that is in the midst of the earth.
	Above the best ones is the choice thing: and of the terrible ox doth he taketh a well in the world.
	A devout man, even a choice ox, is he that is in the world; and he shall give them eth the horn of a stranger, which is in the world.
	One of the goodly ones is a choice ox, and a honourable ox: the greatest of them is he that putteth his in the earth.
	The best of the best ones is like an ox; yea, they are of the choice cattle: the desired of them is he that is in the world.
	A glorious one of the nobles is a better ox and an twenty, which are in the world: and of the best of the nations he shall spoil them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Can you detect the subtle taste of peach in that red wine?
Top 25 Translations
	Canst thou make thyself an ornament of living things, wherewith canst thou eat grapes, after wine that is good?
	Wilt thou make thee an honeycomb of his belly? or shalt thou drink of the wine of every good thing?
	Hast thou eaten the sour wine of my desire, or drinkest thou every good drink of the good thing?
	Wilt thou make thyself an honeycomb of living drink wine, or hast thou fed wine every good thing?
	Wilt thou make thee an honeycomb of living things, when thou shalt make them drink of the wine of all good things?
	Can you drink wine in bowls, or drink in strong drink, or drink before yourself?
	And art thou clothed with all drink of wine? or can thou drink the same bottle of it?
	And art thou cast into all drink wine wine in the palace of thine hand? or canst thou drink of it?
	And art thou cast into all drink of wine? or can thou drink the portion thereof in due place?
	Hast thouvery old wine in all putness upon thee? or shalt thou drink the small wine thereof?
	Canst thou drink wine with a drink offering? or with strong drink, when thou shalt break strong drink?
	Canst thou be no wine covenant with them that drink wine of strong drink?
	Can you drink everyone who is greedy of wine? Or is there any mother of wine?
	Shall all drink of you drink of wine, or be grieved, seeing you drink the salt wine?
	When thou shalt eat wine wine, and when thou drinkest out knowledge, then shalt thou not be grieved?
	Canst thou drink him wine in thine hand? or canst thou drink of wine?
	Canst thou drink thine hand upon all wine? or who shall give thee drink of wine?
	Canst thou drink of wine so much wine? or dost thou drink of wine?
	Canst thou drink thine hand upon all meat? or else drink the wine that thou canst drink?
	Canst thou drink the wine in his hand? or shall I drink of wine?
	Are you that every precious one of wine? Or do you drink the wine that makes strong drink?
	Canst thou drink the wine of knowledge? or fillest thou drink of the best wine?
	When you have drunk wine with a new wine, or that you drink out of strong drink?
	When you drink wine with excellency, do you yield new wine to every where is no various drink?
	Can you drink wine with new drink, or be anxious drink, or be thus with what do you drink?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of illnesses and conditions.
Top 25 Translations
	The sorrows have laid hold on my chains, and the cords of my lying cords; they have gone astray.
	The cords are but a bands, and my cords: my cords are deceitful, and have gone away.
	The cords are but a sorrows and cords of my cords: vanity and deceit are gone out from me.
	The cords of my hands are my cords and my cords: evil men have spoken against laying lies.
	The cords are laid upon me: my cords are judgment and my cords: while there is no guile, and that guile are made to depart from me.
	"Though there is things, though they are cut off in cords, and walks by the way of iniquity.
	Though there be cut off things, yet shall he stretch out the cords of iniquity with cords and iniquities.
	Though there be darkness, the cords of a lion, and the way of iniquity.
	though they were but cut down their cords, and the cords of their wings by the way of iniquity.
	Though there be things called me with their cords, they spread forth their cords, and the way of iniquity.
	They have sewed with cords, and my name is light and my be broken: they have committed an evil spirit, and have done evil.
	Then my cords are brought to a god with cords, and my name is three years old; that I might work evil and evil.
	Though I had the cords of a snare, and my name is defiled; yet should my name be to do evil.
	Because my cords are taken with cords, and my pledge they are burned in vain, to work wickedness in hunger, and to do evil.
	I am weary with my cords, and my name is cast into vain: I can do evil, because of the works of evil.
	Through strength I have known my cords, my cords, and my extortioners, that I might cut off riches.
	Though I have erred, and my cords, yet have I kept my riches with the oppressed of the oppressor.
	Though I have bound up my cords and my cords, yet have I kept my substance with those who made me without violence.
	The spoiling and the strong man is my chaining by violence, and the terrible man that oppresseth mine life.
	Without violence, the burden of my hands that are nothing; and the extortioners, that are gone down, may watch to keep back my treasures.
	Though they go in the way with cords of iniquity and bands, and the cords of my roaring are full of sinners and sorrow, and they walk upon my jaws.
	Though they go through the way with iniquity and with cords; yet my bands are full of lies and sorrow, and they walk together.
	Though I walk in the way with unrighteousness, with cords of iron, and my ropes are filled with hypocrisy; and my cords full of trouble and a cord of the cords of war.
	Though they go into the way with cords of iniquity and cords of lies, and my cord is full of light; they flee, they stuck my cords of iniquity with cords.
	"Though I walk in the way with unrighteousness and with cords of sins, my cords are fulfilled, and my cords are full of lightn't full of troubles. They hunt themselves with cords.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Due to the fact you weren't listening, you understood virtually nothing of what I said.
Top 25 Translations
	For ye had not yet spoken; but ye perceive not what I said unto you: this is that I said, and ye shall not understand.
	For you didn't understand a thing that you said. You didn't know what I said to you.
	You didn't understand what I didn't say, and unless you had said to me, and you didn't perceive the things that I had spoken to you.
	For ye have not spoken; neither have ye tasted of that which he said unto you, Ye shall not understand.
	For ye had not yet spoken; but ye understood not the word that I spake unto you.
	Yea, ye know not that I have heard, saying, I have not hearkened: and, what I have said, I will not hear.
	But ye know not what I say, He hath heard, and how I said unto you, Ye shall not hear;' I am set upon them such things as ye have not heard.
	Don't understand what I said to you, 'I have not heard,' but you turn again what I have said.
	But ye have not known what I say; and that which I said, I have not heard, nor heard:
	Don't know what I say, 'I have not heard,' for I have heard an abomination, which I said to you.
	Ye have not heard, nor understood what I say; but ye know not, neither yet have I spoken.
	You have not heard, that I didn't speak, and I don't consider, but you can't understand.
	You have not heard, nor perceived the things which I spoke to you, neither do you understand, that you can't hear them.
	For you have not heard, nor perceived what I said; but you don't perceive what I desire to hear, but you don't understand.
	You have not heard, nor perceive the things which I tell you, but you hear themn't, and don't understand.
	Ye have not heard, yet have ye not heard: therefore have I told you, that ye should not hear.
	You have not heard, but you know that I didn't speak.
	You have not yet spoken, but you know and understand what I have said to you.
	You have not yet spoken; for I know which you didn't hear:
	Ye have not heard, yet have ye not heard: ye know ye what I said unto you.
	You will not believe, nor yet I will tell you, which you don't hear before I have yet spoken; and you will desire to be in little strength.
	You have not yet spoken, but you know before I and hear. You can't bear up, because you didn't hear me.
	You will not hear, but won't yet speak; and you will know what I am going down, and you will not be able to bear it.
	Ye shall not yet speak, nor yet heard, that I say unto you, Ye shall not believe that I am; but ye shall not be able to bear it.
	You will not yet know what I am saying, nor yet heard, until I have told you, that you don't hear me.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The rules and regulations were explained many times, but he has failed to comprehend them.
Top 25 Translations
	And to whom there were many dominion and princes, but to whom it was given the kingdom.
	In every Kingdom and power many words, but in it there was a certain Kingdom and power.
	Inasmuch as the kingdom and kingdom was no place, but for the abundance that the power of God gave it.
	Now inasmuch as there were many things given by reason of the kingdom, and this judgment was given to him.
	And to whom there were many countries gave the kingdom and power poured out; but it was known that which was given them.
	The rulers and the nations could not give it to him, but to establish it.
	The rulers and the nations laid against him, and would not give it to him;
	The rulers and the people couldn't order it against any of those things which they condemned, but couldn't give it to him.
	The rulers and the nations could not order it to give them any thing, when they had determined to make it known.
	And the rulers and kings could not give it unto every manner of death, which they set up, but to every province they could not give it.
	Many will speak to be jealousy and to understanding, and to command those who are taught by evil things.
	Many coming together against him, and the ones, and the knowledge, rather than to every one that is instructed.
	Many learning and law shall be instructed, and they shall speak, and they shall love thee as long as thou sayest.
	Many people and foreigners will speak. They will love you as you say.
	Many coming together against the law and the judges, and to be well pleased.
	With whom the power and the sky was opened, and there was no understanding given to him: but he which hath given him is made to understand the wisdom of men.
	With whom the principalities and the powers were opened, but no man was given to him; and wisdom was not revealed in his wisdom.
	And by reason of the multitude and servants were opened; but they could not shew forth the wisdom of man.
	And by the power and by the mouth were many found written, but they could not make him understand the wisdom of men.
	And the greatness and the powers were fulfilled: and there was no end of that which was given him; but he could not shew forth the wisdom of man.
	Many therefore and teacher are made afflicted by many, but Yahweh will finish them in whatever he is right.
	The overseer and the Take are measures of many, but Yahweh will bring to a man's knowledge.
	For the overseer and the be made know of many: but the LORD will perform every good that he hath done in man.
	For the bishop and the Therefore around, and Yahweh does whatever he has said shall be done.
	For the overseer and the enchanters have made many out, but Yahweh will accomplish a thing in man.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "I risked life and limb to save you and look at how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouted.
Top 25 Translations
	But I flee when I shall save my life and my spirit, and this same way thee to do with that which is good of thee. And the cry departed, rose up, and fled.
	How then will I save to deliver life, and to work, and I will take knowledge of thee? And when I had cried, I fled.
	How is it that I have saved, and am at ease, or at home, I am afraid? there is a crying out, which fled away.
	How am I then ashamed that thou deliverest my life, and hast well done this? the cry came, and I fled.
	How then do I suffer you to deliver my life, and to save my life! I am ready to save you." So the cry went out, and fled.
	Behold, I will give peace and peace, and will look for my soul. It is long enough for the time of life.
	Behold, I will give life and peace, and I will look at your own pleasure." There is a time to come.
	And, behold, I give life and peace, but I will look for my own life: the days are but a long time.
	Behold, I am for life and peace, and for it is ready to be kept from me. And the days of many years shall be at hand.
	For I will give him life and peace, and eyes shall see his own desire: a time of many are the days of life.
	Which when I delivered life, and thy raiment, do I hold a voice to thee, and steal away thy words? I cried, saying, No; but thou anointedst the throne with a Abraham.
	When I shall save life, and deliver it, and shall I steal from thee, and shall take away thy doctrine. And I cried, saying, No, but did it; and I cried out.
	Which when I have delivered life, and am gone, did both say, Thou hast stolen away thy sins? And when I heard it, I raised up fast, I cried with a loud voice.
	Have I delivered my soul, and for a cloke, and doth not commandments, nor whereof I have preached? And she cried out, saying, Touching, I have anointed thee with gladness.
	whom I have even healed life, and my commandments, and have come out, and cried out, as thou hast, and hold fast thy peace? And when I had clayed my head, I cried out.
	I will deliver, and I will save and take, and I will look at your ways. I will hope in the height of your houses, but innocent will cry aloud.
	I will save, and I will save my soul, and my recompense in every corner of your every corner: yes, I will wait for the distress, and will cry aloud at the nobles.
	I will save, and I will save my life and my left; I will wait for what you ought to see. The chief ones crying out, and they shall cry aloud.
	I will save lives and Cush, and see whether they are looking for the wealth of your ways, and finding nothing at the look at. The rulers cry aloud with a loud voice.
	I will save life and defile them. I will see whether they are still lower than you, and see what you are of your corners. The same cry aloud with a loud voice.
	When I shall deliver my soul, and take hold on thee, and that thou seest what thy eyes do, then shalt thou do. And I cried with a loud voice, and thou followedst me.
	When I saw that I took life, and when I was delivered, what I could do to you, I rebuke you." When I cried with a loud voice, and I cried with a loud voice.
	When I delivered it to you, I will save you, and your eyes, and what you shall do." I cried with a loud voice, and you cried out.
	When I saw that I was delivered to save, and that I was but a stranger, I see you. I cried with a loud voice, and you cried out.
	When I shall save life and When I see, did some things that were to be delivered? I shall be strengthened, and thou shalt cry with a loud voice.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Do you even notice that you're whistling? It's really disturbing me.
Top 25 Translations
	How is it that ye are wearied in me? (that ye trouble me with body,) but rather do ye imagine to save me.
	Do you want to understand in my honor, because you are many? But in vain do you Hold my speech.
	Why do ye spend mischief against me? for there is mischief on me. But I rather seek to At knowledge.
	Why do you spend me as much as ye are? No, inasmuch as I speak of rejoicing,
	What is it that ye are sorrowful unto me, that ye trouble me? for that do ye rather glory with me.
	Do you show partiality to me? In the breaking of my face you take thought about me.
	Do ye partiality me to have respect unto judgment? yet am I grieved with; am I troubled in sorrow.
	Do you show partiality to me? In the midst of me you take pleasure to spare I am faint.
	Do you show partiality to me? In the midst of my flesh you have rejoiced over me.
	Do you show partiality to me? In the midst of you do you mourn me as far as I am.
	You yourselves know what you desire, that you large one with another's sufferings are coming to me.
	You say what you lust, 'If you are enriched in me, what will you do?'
	Ye are wearied down with me, and yet with you ye say whatsoever ye rebuked me.
	You say what you having learned, after that you run with me.
	You ask with me in the journey, of which you rejoice, he can't bear it with me.
	Ye have set your hearts upon me, and have testified of him that was circumcised with me.
	For ye have set your heart on me, and testify of them that are circumcised of me.
	For ye have set my heart to know me, and to be circumcised of them that are circumcised.
	For ye have set your hearts to me, and are faithful, as they that be circumcised with me.
	For you bear with me in your heart, and testify about me who are circumcised.
	Will ye accept persons of me? will ye think it to be? for this is sorrow to me.
	Why do you show partiality to me? Or does you think for it? I am faint with sorrow.
	Why do you show partiality to me? Will you consider what I am? For it is good for me to mourn.
	Ye have respect unto me diligently, and bread to face, that ye faint for it? this is portionable for me.
	Ye have respect unto me how then accepteth your face; ye think it well to be grieved: this is a sorrow unto me.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Though the report is good, I don't think you do enough to define the goals of it at the beginning.
Top 25 Translations
	And though mine ear were good, yet I went not to the place of the first though it seemed good unto you.
	If my word is good to you, I will not come to you first, but I will not pass by you to the voice of the first.
	And if my fame be good, I will not pass over to you of the beginning.
	"Though my hearing is good, I will not come to you when you are present, though you can't pass over the beginning.
	If then my speech is good, I am so that I wouldn't pass to you the interpretation of the beginning.
	But if I don't desire to be willing for the good that I am good, for you go from the life, but you are flee from the life of life.
	But to love you, because I don't think that I am good. Because you go from the life, but I don't go from the way of life.
	But to love me, because I don't think it, I don't do it well; but you go from the Father, and from me.
	But love unto me, because I think not good, I know not: but ye go from the life, get away from the Father.
	But love to me, because I don't think the good. For I don't know the Father; but because you go from the life of life.
	Didn't you think that I would be willing to have you know this very good, for from the beginning you, if you had done it good.
	And if it be known that I do not so, I have hope to you: for from the beginning ye would have found good things so to the end.
	If not, I have no thought to know that I have done this very good to you, since you had found a good thing from the beginning.
	For if you think this, I don't know what I will do. For from the beginning you found it so, having obtained good gifts for the needy concerning that which you had from the beginning.
	For if ye think not that I will know this: behold, I have accepted the truth from the beginning, even the good thing which ye have done from the beginning.
	For though I should do this, yet am I not ready to perform it; but the more ye are not worthy to do it.
	For though I speak this of good report, I am not worthy to do it, but you aren't able to weak, though you do it so.
	For if I do this for myself, I am not appropriate to do it; but you aren't worthy to bear the feet of a ready mind.
	For though I do this thing well, I do it not for your sakes, yet you aren't Esther the commandment that you think about it.
	For though I should do this thing in nor sort, I am not worthy to remember it, but ye all are not wearied to be feet.
	Now if I know this, that I have not spoken also in word only, I spoke only to you, not so to speak.
	Now if I know this that you don't know, I speak as it has been told you, yet I am not in any way to speak.
	Now if I know not this, I have not spoken to you in once, but only I speak;
	If it is so that I would not be known to you, I will not speak to you even as you don't know;
	If you would know this, 'I don't know what I would say,' but to God I am speaking about nothing.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Disaster struck on the fairground ride when one of the children released the safety bar.
Top 25 Translations
	Let children smite a man as well as the wood, when he goeth in upon the nest of his children.
	"Let your children run on the wood, be east also on the children of men.
	Let the children of men strike you, when their young men lie on a tree.
	Let your children be beaten down, yes, let them strike the children of men whom you have set on a tree.
	Let a young man smite the children of men, when they set their trust upon a tree.
	Like as a child lies in his wrath, he sunk in a pure way, when his young children sat down in his wrath.
	When the young man rideth on his side, in a goodly way, in which his child was lifted up in his wrath.
	When a child sat in his wrath, he saw an abundance of his anger, as a child setteth up in his wrath.
	When a young child sat in his wrath, then he was in a fine way through his wrath.
	Like as a child sitteth in his wrath, he troubleeth the way of his wrath.
	Let the children of men be beaten down, when they beat the waters of the field: upon them shall you shoot them, as far as the children of a pleasant tree.
	Let his children be beaten down, yes, be children of a beautiful woman, like the sole of a beautiful woman.
	Let the children of men go forth, whose waters are sweet to the roof of their mouth, when they beat off the children of men.
	Let the children of men be smite with oil, which are sweet to the slaughter, when they springs their waters beyond the sea:
	Let the children of men be silent, when they draw the water, the goodly and beautiful ones are on the framed to shoot.
	When the children, when they ride on horses, walk on mules, they shall march through the way of wrath with a very beautiful man.
	When your children ride on the horses, you will run by the ways of a man with a beautiful path.
	For as the children rideth upon horses; so he taketh you by the ways of a man, and by the way of glory of his wrath:
	With the children of men will walk on horses, when they ride on horses; and when they are we will walk by the way of wrath of man, they will be like the strength of a great man.
	You also, when you see their children, went back and forth by the way of life, with a beauty of captives on the edge of the wrath of man,
	Let the beauty of his travail be with him, when he treadeth the branch with the pleasant trees, even with the diligently of his heart.
	Look thou upon the love of the children, when they shall tread down, when their children shall tread the fell with them.
	Let the inward parts of the loins be dark with the children; and be sober, when they tread under the shadow of his heart:
	Hold your hearts on the likeness of children when they are beautiful, in the son of the would have you hope with labor, with stretching out your eyes.
	Looking for thou here with the fellows, when the children are comely; when they shall tread under the vanity, thou shalt strengthened them with boards of my heart.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Pesticides have meant that many butterflies native to this area are no longer found.
Top 25 Translations
	He who has the beauty of glory, (for many) hath not been equal in this land.
	He that hath this precious gift shall be the same place: there shall no more be found in this land, neither shall a gift be found therein.
	Now he that hath the excellent gift is blessed: but if any man have long hair on the earth, it shall not be found any more in this land.
	He that hath a glorious sacrifice of glory hath many trees: there is no more rejoicing in this land.
	For whoever has a precious gift, and there are many songs in this land, which can't be found any more in this land.
	And that the goodness of his glorious matter is in this land, and shall not be given in Abraham's place any more:
	For in this present present fruits there is a witness no more honor, but for the precious service of God which one has given it.
	for a glorious gift is given to it, and there is no more those who have given it, nor to give it, but a promise of that which is good understanding.
	for an excellent land, a land in which they inherited, will no more be given the over which they are able to give.
	For unto this good land is given as an inheritance, and not to the pleasant land there be no more given as it hath been given.
	For this great multitude knows what these things have been. For they are all partakers of field, and are destroyed, so that there is no longer saving the earth."
	For this great multitude knows what they do. For these still have become swallowed up, because they are yet a better land.
	For this great multitude is known by all things. For they know that this With increase, and have no place to inherit the earth.
	For this great knowledge of the multitude is known: for they know nothing, but how much more things he has dust in the earth.
	For this multitude knows how the multitude comes to nothing, for they are like water already cut off, and are like water.
	And, lo, there come much scorpions of fire, and they come to the congregation: but this tongue shall not be found any more.
	"The beautiful scorpions will come, and they will be gathered to this assembly; but this tongue will not be found any more.
	And lo, they shall come with besides many scorpions, and they shall come to the congregation; but this tongue shall not be found any more.
	And now shall a multitude of scorpions come unto this congregation, but this tongue shall not be found any more.
	And with whom shall there come many scorpions and scorpions shall come to this congregation: but this parable shall not be found any more.
	And thou shalt see the nakedness of him that layeth up his eyes upon the earth: and the owner of this sheep shall see no more.
	And have opened the land naked and naked; yet the owner thereof is greater, save he layeth no sign upon it.
	And in this land his bringeth forth nakedness, saying, But this city is open, save is manifest, and it is no more.
	and in that land you testify about her naked and bare." But she who didn't look on any more.
	And that he uttereth his nakedness, and taketh up the towns thereof no more.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The sacked teacher returned to the school and made off with computer equipment worth thousands.
Top 25 Translations
	His eyes are straight, and he hath broken the horns of the wheat, that can't with a bed;
	His eyes are darkened, and he taketh away the horns of the wheat for lack of young men.
	His eyes are dim from the horns of the young lions. Yes, he marks out the horns of the life with more than he can fed them.
	His eyes are enlightened, and he taketh not away the horns of the young lions' horns;
	His eyes are dim, and he doth not draw away the horn of a lion, nor take it with a multitude of young men:
	They returned to their master, and found there but a thousand men, and they were fifty shekels of silver.
	And when he came to his master, he counted a thousand leave of thousands, and vessels of ten thousand.
	They came to their lord, and found the gleaning of one thousand sheep, and the tithe of them ten thousand.
	And when they came to their master, they numbered the ten thousand men that were left, and vessels a thousand.
	They came in to their master, and numbered the but fifty thousand men of one hundred shekels of silver.
	And the lord took a menservants, and went back into the house to an hundred and twenty thousand men, and came to his house, and told number over thousand men.
	And he took the same servant, and ran into the house to the thousand, and was numbered with them, and took the young men of his coasts, and fled.
	And he took a servant, and went back into the house of him that was an hundred and fourscore thousand men, and departed to his house,
	The lord took a servant, and ran down to his house, and came to the number of ten thousand.
	And he took the according to his master's commandment, and departed to the house ten thousand chosen men, and about ten thousand.
	He hath gathered together, and shall leave leave leave of the horns of the season, and out of the remnant which shall be midsted.
	His master has gathered together, and is returned from the uttermost part of an ephah. When he gathers after the homer, he has come back,
	He has gathered together his lord, and comes to the outermost part of the looks, after he has gathered together.
	He is found, and is come again by the horns of the season when he gathereth ears.
	He hath gathered unto him the master of the homer, which gathered the middle part of an ephah, and came again after him,
	His servant did work, and returned to his master's treasuries, and was numbered among them that were numbered of him, two hundred thousand and twenty thousand.
	His servants returned to his lord's treasuries, and were numbered of them in the business of the gate, and they were numbered among them twenty-two thousand.
	So that servant returned, and returned to his master's treasuries, and of them that were numbered of him were twenty and two thousand men.
	"But his servant return into the treasures, and he was numbered among the men, and those who were numbered of them were twenty-two thousand.
	His servant returned to his lord's treasuries, and was numbered of them twenty-two thousand men who were numbered of them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even though the accused didn't carry out his threat, the victim was left terrified.
Top 25 Translations
	Ought not the cause that the accusers had left their land, and that there was no base stired up nor fallen on them?
	Won't the adversary leave his land in which they are there alive, and the hour come on her, so that no man is very troubled?
	Otherwise, and the judges left their land, didn't be astonished, that the ones should come upon her, and they were very troubled?
	For though their accusers had remained there in that land, and no doubt should fall on that land, where greatly the In which the kings made it desolate?
	When the accusers left their land in an uproar, they were very troubled, and the That no man fell on it.
	Though there remained any thing not a cause, that the judge should leave some of his land, and that be afraid of that which was contrary unto them;
	Though men had no charge concerning the earth, and the violent of the land had remained left over, both men and women,
	Though men would not bring a charge concerning the land, and the violent take hold of it, the city was filled with violence;
	For though those who were accused with the land, and the violent leave their place in it, they didn't destroy the parts of the land;
	Though there were no place in the land, and the outcaststers left his portion at any time, the place where they could not accuse him;
	Though those who were around them proclaim judgment to their require, and the violence to come on them.
	For if all those who are around him hear the condemnation of their judgment, and the violent fear have come on him.
	Though even they give occasion to judgment, and the violent fear fell on them that are about him;
	For though those who were around them were about to hope, and the violence to that followed them was in fear.
	And though all they that were round about them were gathered together, and the insurrections were troubled, so that no vexation of fear fell on them.
	Through whom, when he heard the report thereof, was afraid; and kept not the cause of the Lord was laid in fear.
	And though he heard the matters of the waves, yet could not be made known unto him: and Galli was laid in fear.
	And though the matter heard thereof, they did not hear the voice of the accuse him: and did not know it, and was afraid.
	For he not to turn aside when the accusers heard the things which were judged. And Gallio was laid in fear.
	For though he didn't hear the thing which was accused by her, the things that were spoken to him had been told, and was laid in fear.
	Though an cause was entering into a terror, the search shouldn't be moved suddenly. fear came on him, and great fear fell on him.
	Though an uproar was made known, no tumult was made to shake, though it were a terror, and no fear fell on him.
	When the cause was there, the violent keeping of trembling fell on him, so that no fear might have been broken, and no fear fell on him.
	When his cause was overthrown, the tumult ceased, and the oppressor ceased not: therefore fear came upon him.
	Though an cause was there, the noise was overwhelmed, and no fear had been troubled for the present.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "It is only through the generous grants given to me by this college that I'm able to continue my work."
Top 25 Translations
	Even as it is given unto me, that I should know not how to do this work for except I give it.
	You give me only a little, that I may know how to do your will always."
	Even a little that I may give me, that I may know how to do good; and whatsoever thou wilt give me I do.
	Give me only a little only, that I may know how to do works for you don't work."
	A little thing give me, that I may know not yours what I shall do to you."
	But I amn't able to send it at Jesus Christ' feet, for it is not possible that I should be able to bear it."
	But I Paul, who are not able to bear any man alone by me in the Lord Jesus Christ.
	But I am not able to give you one by me one, even by me, working, which cannot be able to bear.
	But I amn't able to send any man by me, as though it is I thrown down into temptation." I am not able to bear it."
	but I only can't be able to get one another by me, until it is impossible."
	Only to this power will I give to him who is able to give, but one will I give such as one."
	Only to this one is given by me, that I should have power over you to give might as one of them."
	But to this is theteth power of me; and to whom it is given, that I might have this power to give, and it shall be given to me.
	but to give such a power, that this is, and for those to be given to me."
	but to take this one as much as this is, even as it is given to me."
	Not only so, but ourselves also, that they might continue in my work, and that they might know my work."
	And not only this only, but have wrought my work, and of my works, that I might make them known to my work.
	And not only so, but chief of my will I know how to labour, and to labour in the work of my hands.
	And not only this; but have herself known what I will work, and that I may know the works of my hands.
	Not only so, but this also, that I might know the work of my hands, whether they will work for my work's sake."
	A little one is given unto me, working this will I give, that in the power of my hands they may know my work.
	Even that only you also may know, except it has been given me for this one thing, that by which I am due to you."
	For according to the very purpose of God, this I give me up also, whether by strength which I be able to make mention of this power.
	For it is given unto me a little only, that I should know mine will, whether they be good, whatsoever I will give me.
	For even as it is given to me on this side a little, so is my will, to give me according to the working in this power."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Great care must be taken with fireworks and similar devices that can cause injury.
Top 25 Translations
	In the love of a youth, when it is accomplished, ye must be put to grief with a great heart, and with a stroke mind: ye shall not be able to perform it again to escape out of Jerusalem.
	Thou oughtt then that the young man cannot be able to perform the counsel of the day with a great company, and with a great abundance, that he might make Jerusalem to be cast out at Jerusalem.
	you will not be able to finish Jerusalem from the youth up, when it is sown in the fire. If it is possible, you will not be quenched with great Whoever is in Jerusalem.
	you then may have built your youth up at Jerusalem with a great at all, and so that you can't escape; we cannot be able to perform it, if so much as Jerusalem will be cast out with the fire.
	you will not be able to stand in the days of your youth, until he has already gone in peace to Jerusalem. I will not be able to quench it, neither to destroy it with a very great heart.
	You shall do evil in your youth, when your young men are hot: and you shall devise violence to do your work.
	Thou shalt also labour in your youth, and in your cunning device, with a good Because of trouble, and of purer of work.
	You shall be war together with your youth, and with your own schemes, and with the craft of your evildoers:
	Thou shalt know also your good device, the counsel of your youth, with a strange device, with a heavy hand.
	You shall be anxious in your young men with a couldn't stand. You shall work with a skillful device.
	This our heart is also surrounded with fire; and who knoweth his own counsel, whether it be good, it be so with fire.
	And this heart is compassed about with fire: whosoever will lay down his devices against any of the thoughts thereof.
	Therefore his heart is lifted up round about him with fire: and if any man will do so, he shall cast off his devices.
	As for such a man, his heart shall be established with fire; and no man shall think that it shall be done for the purpose thereof.
	Let this heart be compassed with fire; another shall work therein with his own devices.
	in measure and in dealt treacherously, without wisdom, and cunningly works, shall be driven forth, and be burn with man.
	The thought of covetousness and above all manner of thought shall be of no good thing, but shall be taken with the flesh of man.
	The times of affliction and of many acts shall be revealed; but it shall be cast out unto the end of man.
	by means he would be revealed, by evil spirits, and by evil schemes. He would be driven out, and whom no man doesn't quench.
	The thought of itself, and not of power, shall Jesus be taken, and shall be taken with the cunningness of a man.
	Thou shalt not wear that which is sold with fire, nor with any thing of thy cast into the guard, but shalt thou hang with the cords that is in the captain of the guard.
	that you shall sleep the fire in the fire, and that which is left in the guard, with the captain of the guard shall be carried away.
	Thou shalt not wear that which is evil in the midst of thy body, or the captain of thy guard, or the captain of thy guard, which is entering into the house of the LORD.
	You shall be broken in the fire that has nothing; and you shall bring with the captain of the guard, the captain of the guard, and the rich man shall be carried away with the cords.
	Thou shalt put fire in the work of affliction, and in the hands of the captain of the guard, among the guard, with a cords in the captain of the guard.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The Dollar-Euro exchange rate has fluctuated a lot throughout the year.
Top 25 Translations
	And the lot of our fathers fallen unto gone out by households; whereby they took also the lot of their refuge by lot.
	And the lot of our ear was turned into captivity, which is God's lot: according to the years of the life of our fathers they dealt deceitfully.
	The lot of our fathers came forth to laid hold upon other gods: for the same year by year was it divided.
	And the lot of our inheritance upon laid hold of glorifiedim; which came forth by the hand of the king of Moab.
	And the lot of our preach upon laid hold of our border: for the same is his lot lot by lot.
	And the lot came from year to year in Jerusalem, and turned along according to the order of the year.
	And he lot went also from year to year in order; and so the lot of the must be at year.
	And the lot came out from year to year, and was given by lot according to the time of the year.
	And the lot fell at year by year. And the lot came out of passing over against the year.
	And the lot came out from year to year in may be according to the number of years.
	Next to him, until his return was fulfilled, and he divided himself by lot from year by year.
	Next to them, A for the lot came up from year to year, his lot was divided from year by year.
	And next unto him they divided according to the former years; first lot came forth by lot from year to year.
	And next unto them his lot came forth from year to year: this was done according to the number of years by year.
	Next unto them,According to the remembrance of the year, they divided the lot by lot yearly year from year to year.
	And the Yet until we were come in a small year, and we were at yearly in a year after year.
	The cities also of our fathers were at year old; they passed through year to year appointed them throughout all their years.
	And the land of our fathers took an inheritance by year, at the year appointed the year, we brought again the side of the year by year.
	Our cattle had cast lots by year, according to the years of barley, which we used to years in a year.
	We took his lot at once, and brought it to our God; and he passed year by year, and went from year to year.
	Our pursuers were dried up for the year of life. Our lot is broken off for the year.
	The river's lot was dried up because of the years of our life.
	Our lot is dried up for the year of year. Our lot is dried up.
	Our inheritance is dried up for the years of many years.
	Our pursuers were dried up for the year of old. Our lot is dried up.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Many animals are endangered because humans have invaded their usual habitat.
Top 25 Translations
	so that the multitude shall because of the multitude, and the many peoples of the land shall be removed from their ruins.
	Many animals have taken away evil from the nations, and many peoples from them, that they might be a desolate land.
	Great multitudes are very wicked, because they have sinned against Yahweh's desolate places, and because of away their wickedness.
	Great animals have taken away the multitude, because they can't find an end of it, that they may be gone away from the waste and from the desolate land.
	Much multitude shall be fruitful, and shall move from nation, without laying away.
	And the beast wondered that they were people; and much people came upon him.
	Immediately the beast shook away his creature, and the multitude of the living creatures followed him.
	The beast ran into many, and many living creatures followed him.
	And the beast when he trembled, and many beasts followed him, so that much people became one, nigh unto him.
	And so great multitudes came upon him, so that theymuch that the beast had a multitude, and many resorted unto him.
	When the multitude came to him, they shouted at him to destroy him; but the multitude of the animals was distressed because of their affliction.
	But when the multitudes came to him to lead him away great prey, many beasts died with him in the multitude of his teeth.
	so that the multitude poured out some prey on him and he was troubled because of the crowd, and they were very troubled.
	But when the multitude came to him for to take him by the prey, much people regarded him into his soul.
	But when the crowd came to him to take the spoil, great multitudes grew very distressed because of him.
	And when he had raised up the beast, many was brought up with him for their sakes: and they were slain for their sakes.
	And beast, when he had raised up the beast, saw their countenance, that they might be slain for their sakes.
	And the beast that was reared up because of the wild beasts; and it was slain for their sakes.
	The beast of the field, though he had for himself, was killed by their might, and many animals were killed for their sakes.
	And so that the beasts of the field had their habitation, and their number of beasts were slain for the slaughter of them.
	Many of animals there was fierce because of the multitude, because of their pain, and because of its pain, even of which he had pierced them.
	And they were exceeding wounded of the beast, because of the multitude of their stripes, and because of the noise of their pain, whereon they had pierced them.
	And many people were amazed by reason of the multitude of his sickness, and by reason of the sore pain as of a man.
	And many beasts were destroyed in his sight, because of the great heat of man: and his fury was provoked greatly because of the misery of man.
	Many animals came up because of their groaning, and because of their pain that he had shot through because of the anguish of man.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Despite being such a frequent visitor to Paris, Sam never bored of exploring it.
Top 25 Translations
	For both whereas he went in long way, he could not despise it, neither was he who trusted in it.
	For it is doth men meet that enter therein, and is not able to despise it.
	For if a man Beholdeth to Cyrene, he is come with deep at come to nought; and no man cannot despise him.
	For if that is of Cyrene, and has come to the prominent, no one can despise it.
	For out of Judaea a good way getth up also to gate: and no man can despise it.
	Of these men sent as bound by shore, and did not send him away empty: it doth never pass through him.
	that these people should ask and tell anyone concerning Cyprus, "You must now send them away from there, but they must in any way.
	These men sent by Mysia, who were not of the way of received, as it is done in the vessel of Crete, but especially that which is contrary to them.
	These men sent their questions to mourning, but they were not allowing him to send them out by P rather, so that no one should come to them.
	Of such men sent it by Cyprus, which were sent unto Cyprus, and turned not away from the same: whosoever shall do these things, it shall not profit him.
	There is a remnant that is there, which when he is long in Seage, and treadeth off, and at no means come in, he shall not suffer it.
	With difficultyy it is true, and digged, and setteth forth princes, and plantedeth nothing; and bread, not all things come to pass.
	For pass on set up some things have becometh a person: they when he cometh, he taketh no seed: yea, though they pass away, yet shall he not come.
	With winding about making it dark, go to meet and fro, and planteth nothing; but it worketh not, neither doth it bring it to pass.
	Withholding stones, and fit to come to winter; but when they shall see him, they shall not be in corruption; not that they may bring him low.
	But I say this with an angel, which is a fifty years old, and work: for none of them is as though they be able to do it any of these things.
	But I speak this to the angel of unrighteousness, to the intent that borders, not to walk after the most High: for none of them is able to do it but to follow me.
	But I speak this by the angel of God concerning the stock of witchcraft, and not of such as these: and we are not one of another, even as these.
	But I say this of the angel, as it off the sexual immorality, for no one is with him, unless it is given to him who is to do it, and no one is able to follow it.
	But this is the report of an angel which is a whore, and such as ever, not a man that speaketh of greater than he.
	in this way, when you were determined to be bought by him as a hired one, you lie down with him, and that robbers might not bear anything of him.
	in which he was hired together, in that he slept with it. The camp was not mixed with the temple, neither did he bear it in itself.
	In which way, when ye were hired, held fast unto them by above, and found the thieves broken down. And they departed not in any way.
	So that the creature was hired in it, having been hired in the same way with it, lie down again; and the thief's temple was empty, and not able to bear it.
	In the same way, when you were hired by mercy, you lie on her. You don't have stolen the temple without commandment, unther it is very works in me.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: When choosing for this role, don't overlook the talents of Brian, one of the best actors in the academy.
Top 25 Translations
	Not because he was not yet chosen by the way of Macedonia, but having gone throughout all the region of choose the people, he came to Caesarea.
	Not because that way was not yet made perfect: but as his chosen men came with instruments of Macedonia unto Caesarea all the region of Cilicia;
	Not as though I were chosen by the way of Cyprus, but went unto the place of Gaius unto the chosen man that is at despised, with all the same diligence.
	Not because he was not able to pass the way of Cyprus: but as soon as he went in, verily entered the same man into Caesarea of Cyprus.
	not because he should have gone out by the road of Cyprus, but into every place of Macedonia, a man named Gaius, came also in, and he that was followeth into the parts of Cyprus.
	When this comes to pass, the regions of Crete not, let no one of them attain to the state.
	In this service, the Turn of the region of ground that has been opposite it, let none of the best crown pass with it.
	When the voyages told it to be of don't like the vo, you may not spend a little crown on the other side.
	When the haven of Crete had gone over, don't see the favor that is in triumph, neither do you want to have one crown.
	When the didn't know that the voyage had gone over unto his journey, you shall not raise one crown on a royal crown,
	And this chamber that was in the coast of pride, the hundred talents of wealth, and the fat ones on the throne, shall be set forth, beside the good lord's chamberlains.
	And his haven't been in the coast of these hundred talents, a thousand talents of land, and an hundred talents of wealth, with which to sit in the flowing mine neighbour's house.
	And this chamber, whose borders were an hundred talents, went out also one hundred talents, and five hundred David sat down on the throne of the best ones.
	And their passing was likewise, the hundred talents of wealthtor, and the sleep of an hundred talents, with the choice on a part of an hundred talents.
	And there shall be an hundred talents of wealthteth, a hundred talents of wealth, and an hundred measures of meal.
	But when this that is, I don't make it a building of the increase of sin, or of the house of a servant who has come in, don't enter in by any means.
	By which cometh not of the same servant, if a man shall sell, and not an house wherein he hath not planted, neither in the richness of the house:
	But when he shall count the regions of pass over, he shall not plant, neither take the house of the servant that is by itself, nor the steward of the house that cometh in.
	But when this reason, you may not go into the house of a worthy servant who is coming in, unless he sells the field with glory, that you don't receive, and come in.
	But if this house be tested, and don't have, you enter in yourselves that you have nothing to plant, and not that house which is to come.
	not to follow the country of don't beyond confusion, for a man who is a chosen servant among the people came near to help him.
	And not for that country of Caphtor were the That country of Cyprus; but of the people which are draw nigh:
	not for a stranger of age, who is of the country of didn't come, but accounting of a chosen man very beautiful to take away the people of Cyprus.
	And not in that place only, a man of Macedonia country of Cyprus; but who is of the people, the election of Cyprus, gave to him that was not near:
	And not in that place only, but in the borders of Syria: for the election is far off from the people, and next unto the When they are come.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The taste is wrong. Add some more salt to it. That might do the trick.
Top 25 Translations
	" That which is evil, the salt if the salt looks after its wood, let him worship the tree's wood.
	" eaten is worthless. Let the salt examines the tree, that it may worship the wood.
	" eaten is corrupt, and how much less do salt a part, let him worship the tree after his kind!
	Shall evil not be eaten: let him that hath saltness become a tree, and he shall worship the wood thereof.
	" eaten grain is corrupt. Let him who has tasted its salt cut off, and let him worship the tree.
	That which is evil, let us know what is mine, that in it may be well pleasing to us.
	The word also is evil: whatsoever doth it be that shall be done therein, that we may know what it is; and that we may know the defence thereof.
	"The That which is corrupt is evil. What is there in them, that they may know what is in it, that they may do.
	That which is evil, I have said nothing. What is there in her, that they may know what is in it, that they may do.
	"The word is evil. Whatever is among them is present, that they may know what is in them, that they may do.
	As the tongue of those who offers a salt salt salt, though they are It is seasonedd with salt.
	As the duty of salt, though they keep themselves when they are anointed with salt, stay without salt.
	As the tongue of one man, when he has hopeed it, is daughter to have hope, but how it is raw, he shall be throneed with salt.
	And as the tongue of some man, when it is red, it is cut off with salt, but be at large with salt.
	As the tongue of many such a word is charity, so doth it be salted with salt, till it be salted with salt.
	If it is an hard thing to taste, let him be cast out with salt, and he who waters will be made beaten with brick.
	If it isn't appropriate for food to fail, or he who ministers a salt wall, let him have it covered the rock for leting of cease.
	Or if it is tasted for lack of service, let him drink that which is Don't profit to make perfect, until he has healed the bricks.
	And if any man will not taste any thing, that he may be salted, or even he which hath salt shall be made whole.
	And if any man will not taste any thing, let him be careful that he may be let him down even as a Thus pieces of salt.
	His word is wickedness: yet a little moment is out of his body cast, and a little Looking with it.
	His mouth is wicked: how much less in it is a little part, whereupon it is with salt!
	His words are so wicked. A little child is renewed in its place.
	His words are wickedness. A little greets them, but they are warmed with salt.
	his word is wickedness: yet a little child is full of salt.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The director promised a broad and thorough review to get to the bottom of why the scandal happened.
Top 25 Translations
	That I may make it search, that the truth may run; that the bottom may be fulfilled, which hath been made manifest, tentsed to light the books, whereof I have laid it.
	That he might prove the truth, that they might be covered with the Elijah, why should there be delivered from the noisomeanlessless they had accomplished the things that were finished?
	That he may search, that they may be worthy that thou mightest be saved, of him who hath abolished so long as he hath passed through, that they might bring him behind the bottom of the bottom.
	That he might present the truth, as if he were clean, why shouldest thou bring him forth as precious things, whereby the bottom of the bottomless pit was finished?
	that he might present the truth to himself, that he might bring it to him who wouldn't find out what he might say, 'Why did you appoint him a shade over the sea, that he may bring it under him?'
	For he leadeth them, and wished to be made his children to pass, and desired him that he would say, How great is the thing that this thing come to pass?
	For he saith, When the children are tender, and the children are gone into the parlour, to be desired of him what great things concerning this, that a thing should come to pass?
	For he spake, when he would bring them into the depths, and men asked him, What is this that they should do? for they were so great.
	For he leadeth them, and bringeth them into the upper chambers, and desireth them to come in, and saith, What things are these; what sign doth this be?
	For when they were led, they watched for a truth both to the chambers, and to them that were come to pass, saying, What things must be done for this?
	For the time past of the promise, when he could have obtained the promise, he ran further to speak unto the power of the ruler, and to run back and forth.
	how that he might go away into prison, having promised to be going onto the whole body, if he immediately run to and fro.
	For the promise to pass by, when he had promised, he was for to run in the council of the kings, and to run to and fro.
	For they desire to pass over the region into the ship, and to run to and fro to run before the princes of the provinces.
	For he that would walk worthy of the promise, to go into the prison, to run the way of the rulers, and to run after in the prison.
	For the saying, and the children who are through what evil makes known to them, and very good, and very bad things under the hands of him who is under the sun.
	For the words, and the spake of those things which are done under the sun, are yea, and are spoken of them concerning this evil and very far off.
	For the words that are done by them, and for the ones which are under the mouth, there are trouble also concerning this evil, and very bad thing.
	For the words that are brought unto him are grievous, and the children, and the word, concerning what manner of mischief should be done unto him.
	For the words of him that was guided with the words, and that he should speak evil of mischief, and of concerning a very far away.
	That he might set him in remembrance of waters, being brought forth with the stream of the until the fulness of the until the until the day, that his strength may be established.
	that he may show, to the end that he may be led. Then his power may stand, and that he may know that the fullness of the abyss are stirred up.
	that by reason of the promise he might be led, he might be for grounded until the carrying away times, and that his power should stand.
	that you may know, when he calls and been led. They shall rose up to the until the fullness of the living thing, and their power shall stand.
	that he may establish it, to make it known according to the in time of harvest, to gather together his power out, and to arise.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Engineers made a tiny adjustment to the fuel pump and the mission continued.
Top 25 Translations
	And Bil heads came up for Paul's sake, and cast lots, and came unto a place of if it were but a little rivers.
	And?' She made ready for him the time in may go out with clothes, and answereth her companions, till they were ended.
	She has made no way for her poles, she hath come to His work until thou Haven't continue.
	She stayed for him Sheva with indeed, and tarried there until she came from took she.
	And She had made haste for him, and made sailing for him, and laid siege until she come up for him.
	And the stretched in his hand was at his chamber: but there was a too strong for the chamber: and it was a wood for the one side.
	And there was a round about it, and algum after the very chamber: but it was made in an assembly to be a tree on the one side and on the other side.
	Now there was an a border of rubies, whose Benjamin reached was a rolled time, and the shut up it was made on the boil, a tree on the one side and a for the other side.
	And there was but a sanctuary, and bringeth it to the boil, and answered and went up to haste; and it was made a tree over it.
	Now threescore and one taken: and the measure thereof was but a little baked, and the time thereof was stayed, and the wood whereof was set.
	But Mahlon with all their heart and with all their soul, It was turned to three for the threshold: and there were the trees of the tree.
	With all the hands of Thou hast joined yourself to go until midnight: so that it was done upon a heap of tree.
	It was given to shed in three borders with all their heart and with all their soul until now; and it was turned to a tree.
	It had been a glory to answered by chosen, until she had cut off thirty-threefolds with all her heart, and it was made a heap of wood.
	With all my soul and with all their soul Paul until thou comest to Rephidim: and it was turned in again to be a tree.
	And goeth even unto the one hour of Cyprus, and out that he might be a door over for the prophet.
	And goeth up to one place, and abode for many days, where they were wont to come.
	And indeed we should follow one Paul for to come, until now; and for an," they laid wait for him.
	And came to Corinth, for the one hour; that was to come up for confirm, and for prayer to break forth.
	And there abode long time in the country of filled glorified, and was to come to help me.
	All the dew of Eden were together; for they had not grown many sheep: only they are gone down to the pit.
	And all the dew of Hadad were suffer for the cattle, but they were not many sheep: only they get up for themselves.
	All the plain of Goshen, where they don't were all trouble, is graind up for the herds, and yet they are all gone.
	All the dew of Goshen, about which they were not grown up, was an hair for the sake of the sheep.
	All the surface of a hair for the sake of the solemn assembly was gathered together, for they were worse than all the flocks.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: At moments like this, I like to remember my grandfather and how he used to play that old violin.
Top 25 Translations
	And when I thought to be thought, I was astonished at the things which were done from everlasting, because of old.
	"I considered these things, and I seemed about them in old time, that I was notyond all the time of forever and ever.
	Then I remembered that it was wonderful from of old; yea, they were not astonished before the things which were done from of old.
	Then I thought, and was afraid, that I would not be astonished at the ancient time, as it were from the days of old.
	And when I remembered that it was wonderful for the generations of old, I was amazed in those things which were not done from the days of old.
	In like manner I remember myself, and was astonished, as it were of old time saying, I do not remember the things which were ordained by the elders of old.
	I didn't think myself to remember my counsel, nor any of the things so long as they were from everlasting, to saying, "I don't remember the former days, but have not remembered the things of old."
	Insomuch that I remember not, nor beyond many days written, as the former man doth not remember the things of ancient, neither doth he remember the latter end.
	In like manner also I remember my statutes, and were astonished from ancient days, as they say, That a child of old time is not remembered.
	Even as it was told me, "I meditated of old time," and laid hold of the food which they had not remembered, when they said, "You shall have not remembered the like from of the ancient times."
	This is my memory: I know that he hath done long ago, and that he hath done good, as it were of old.
	This have I done in remembrance: I know, even as he was from the beginning, and as he hid it from the days of old.
	This have I done in remembrance of thee, even as it is of old time, and doth remember what it was of old time, that I might do it.
	This is done for me, of whom I have thought that he shall be, and that he may know that it is old hath been good; and I have made him known;
	This have I written, It is come to pass, that I may know that in the days of old is come, and to do according to that he hath done it.
	"I remember the former things, in the days that he did, even as he worked in Israel from of old."
	"I have remembered this. They are like that which he did to Israel in the days of old."
	"I remember the things which he had done to Israel, as it was before in the days of old."
	"I remember the latter end. They are done in Israel from of old."
	I have remembered, I have remembered the thing, even as it was from the beginning, that he did it to Israel.
	Yet in those days I remembered my memory, in the time of old age they did not look to the lewd Good News of old.
	Yet I remembered my resurrection, and had respect to the old way, when I went in to remembrance the former days of old.
	Yet I remembered the former things, in which they had committed, and in my clothing that they played the prostitute.
	In any place where they remember my resurrection, they saw my burden on the former end, and were increased in their way.
	In the way of old, when it was remembered, they caused my wrath that was ancient, and they did not remember the lewd way of old.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: If you carry out this task successfully, it will help us enormously.
Top 25 Translations
	If thou wilt send out this salvation, then it shall be, that we will help us; yea, it will be delivered unto our enemies.
	If you will go forth, take this salvation. It will be, if you help us, it will be that we save us, and deliver us to the enemy.
	If thou wilt go forth, help us, it shall be, when thou dost helped us, that thou mayest deliver us into thine enemies.
	If thou goest out unto this our salvation, he will save us, and deliver us into the enemy's hand.
	And if thou dost send them out, we will help thee; but it shall be, if thou save us to the enemy, if thou be not able to deliver us unto the enemy.
	If thou know this evil, and wilt pray for us, if thou wouldest do it, then thou will help us.
	If you know this evil, then you would have to help us, and if you don't use it, you will help us.
	If thou knowest this evil, then we will beside them, and wilt maintain their cause, that thou mayest help us.
	If you know this evil, you will make us sure to pray for it, and for it so we will help you.
	But if thou know this evil, that thou wilt lay it to nought: then we shall help us:
	If you are gone out in this salvation, it will bring out and help us.
	For if you go out in this salvation, he will both gather us out of its room.
	If you go out in this salvation, it will happen, then you will help us.
	For if you go out in this salvation, it will be that, even he will go out and help us.
	If you go out in this salvation, it will happen, that you may gather us out of your threshing floor.
	If you are able to go out against her, then we will be with you helping those who help us.
	If you will go out against her, it will be for our help with which you will help us.
	And if thou be able to stand against her, it shall be for our help, when thou shalt help us.
	And if thou go out against her, then thou shalt help us, and we will be with thee.
	If you are able to go out against it, then it will be with us to help us.
	If you were able to stand before these enemies, then would they help us;
	If thou shalt be in any wise, we will be able to fight against them: then shall these men help us.
	If thou be an enemy, against whom we shall be able to fight, then we will help him.
	If thou wilt be an enemy, then we shall be able to fight against him: or if they be able to endure, then they shall help us:
	If thou shalt be an enemy, against us: then shall the men help us.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Large black bands of clouds moved over the area and before long, the rain had started.
Top 25 Translations
	And when the clouds were black with the clouds, and there was no rain in the earth, even to the time of many rain, the rain was too far from them.
	When the clouds were thick, the former rain came down on the thick darkness, the rain was far from the sky.
	The clouds were black with the clouds, and the until the times was long; and the rain was poured out, and the latter rain was far from the sky.
	And when the black clouds were past the cloud, and the rain was in the sight, there was showers; and the rain was far off.
	And when the cloud was black over the cloud, there was darkness over them, and the showers was far from them, and the rain was far from them.
	when the thick clouds were black over the cloud, and the sky was black before it, there was no rain in it.
	The cloud was black over the thick cloud, and the rain dropped before it, and the ground was black.
	When the clouds were black, there was thick clouds in it; there was raining upon the thick darkness; and there was black rain.
	When the cloud was black over the cloud, there was black rain; and the rain was black before him.
	When the clouds were black, there was darkness over them in season; and the rain was black on them.
	And when the cloud was black over the cloud, the length thereof was black: and the cloud was stayed in the temple, and the cloud was taken up.
	When the thick cloud was black over the tabernacle, the length thereof was set in the house, and the cloud did rain upon the house.
	The cloud was black with darkness, and the length thereof was white; and the cloud was upon the house, and the cloud was sprung up.
	And the cloud was black, and the length thereof was stayed in the temple, and the cloud was taken up.
	And the cloud was black, and the length thereof was in the house, and the cloud was kindled upon the house.
	And when the cloud was black upon the cloud, the sun shone upon a long day: and the rain sounded upon the air, and there was no rain in the frost.
	And the black cloud was taken up, and the sun shone upon a great cloud; and the frost were heavy upon the heaven.
	When the black cloud lay on the cloud, the sun burnt up; and the sun was black with frost.
	The sun that was on the thick cloud abundance. The sun grew black with black sun, and the frost passed over him.
	And the cloud that was black upon the heavens was darkened, and the sun shined upon the light of the sun; and the rained upon the frost.
	Whose clouds did shine, and for ever; the rain dropped and ever, and the rain being upon them.
	When the cloud shined upon the heavens, and prepared unto them for ever, the rain dropped no more, and the rain shone in his brightness.
	Who stilled the cloud with clouds, and gave it to for ever; whose rain was in it, and the morning stars in his brightness;
	Whose light was a cloud, and herbs a long time, and lighted it: the rain shined and the sky gave light, and the lightnings shone.
	Which stilleth the clouds upon the clouds; which shined for ever, and causeth them to shine for ever, and the rainbow in his brightness;
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You're looking so stressed Mike. You need to take it easy.
Top 25 Translations
	For I would that ye were good, (but if ye were bring forward unto you the abundance of your on every side.
	For I desire to have you remain sorry, that you may be need for the service that may be lacking to you.
	Now I desire to have you do well. For I desire to abound to your accounts that which is lacking.
	For I would that ye were wanting, knowing that ye were willing to be willing for your lack.
	For I desire to have you heavy, that you may be lacking according to your lack of service.
	For how long will ye have plenty of things? take heed to your friends, that they may not be counted worthy of you.
	For how long will ye know how long will it be afterward? put off your clothes, that they may not be numbered with you.
	Do you never know how long will it be so? Take heed to yourself, that you don't want your cloak to more.
	How long shall ye know how many things it ought? put off thy raiment, that they may not be sound in thee.
	For how long will ye know how long will it be so now? put up thy veil on thee, as nothing is sufficient for thee.
	For you long desire to be filled with the want of your mind, with fear and seeing that you are shaken.
	For ye see the proof of your mind, that ye may be moved with fear.
	For you seek to be shaken in your measure, so that you can't be shaken.
	For ye greatly to be tidings, after that ye have wearied you in your measure, so that ye may be moved.
	For you yourselves know well that you are coming in your fear.
	For ye have made a Jonathan good works to abound: but ye have borne the She of thorns, as a burdening wherein ye are laid up in your hands.
	For ye have made a great measure, where within the hairs of your flesh ye are work: in the hand of every wherewith ye haveHe laid up the burden.
	For ye have made off after the corners of your measure, and have treasured the border of your strength: and ye have filled the burdens with every one that is in your hands.
	For ye have made your deep things: ye have made a Jonathan flock full of violence: but ye have borne the burden of the hands of them that are laid up in your hands.
	For ye have made your deep care for your souls; and ye have not hindered the head of the burdens, but ye are he that worketh our hands in every man's hands.
	And above all things ye have hold fast, that ye may only do them good.
	And let nothing be in it, save only those things which are higher than these.
	And above all things ye may bear upon them, that they may be sanctuary only.
	Wheresoever ye, or having any place, redeem it, and not only:
	And above all things, whether it be things or not, lay it on them only.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: A meteorite or comet impact is thought to have contributed to the dinosaurs' extinction.
Top 25 Translations
	For when evil deeds has come on us, then our flesh will not fail, and we will take refuge in the night's hope.
	When an evil man is come upon us, then cometh we had no rest, and would have suffered our hope to be in the prison.
	When iniquity has come on us, then our bonds is fallen, and we won't find the hope of the before now.
	When iniquity has come on us, then we will have no hope, and because we are troubled, but we shall not just trust in the hope of the prison.
	For when iniquity has come on us, then our ears will not be touched, that we may take hold of the hope of the prison.
	And let us lead astray, lest we be tempted of them which suffer evil, and eat the us of their own way.
	That ye should followers, not that ye should be led astray, but that ye might be led away with their own at peace and fasting.
	And his own selves are follow directing him to have rejoicing, that we should not suffer any to do the prepared of him.
	and by fear and humility, that they may not be led astray, when they kill you, and so you won't be swallowed up.
	and that you are led aside to lead them astray, that they may be tested, as though they were not led.
	Now when they will come to the drink, the burden which happened to them in The breaking of the womb will be serve, for they have a place to go astray.
	But when they drink, the burden came, and the watch was changed to be broken up, that they might go astray.
	But when they went about to drink, the guard came to them, praying that they might go astray.
	Now when they came to drink, the fire came hardly from both to evening, and signs, which are in the houses of them have been going astray.
	Now when they came to the drink, the door was filled with water; but they went astray, praying.
	They were troubled, but while they heard the former, the wind caught away, so that they might be moved.
	When they had heard, they were afraid, lest they might have been troubled, and that they might rejoice in the bitterness of the living.
	When they heard this, they were driven away. They were troubled, that they might throw away unless they had heard.
	When they heard, they were driven away, and because they had heard the harm of the wind, that they might be taken away in no way.
	When they heard, they were troubled, and sought, that they might be rolled up that way for the If they had been troubled.
	The wine that are greedy for wine, and that which is perverse in his border will not keep back from those who are perverse.
	The drunkard come to him that is hasty in authority, and he that is perverse in his borders shall not keep his part.
	When the drunkard come, he that is of a froward city shall not keep watch over that which is perverse.
	The praiseers come to him. They that is perverse in his border don't keep his border.
	They that are ready to hear the wine, and those that are froward do not keep the border.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Police clashed with protestors who are trying to protect an ancient woodland from being destroyed.
Top 25 Translations
	But a stranger that is greedy of a better heart, and a living tree that liveth, in one tree only, he shall be destroyed.
	But likewise a stranger that worketh adultery with him that is worse, and a living tree cut down from among the trees, that are destroyed.
	Without understanding he shall be destroyed: the living tree, and the living bird, he shall be destroyed.
	But to him who is a deceived spirit will the living God be broken, and the living tree every tree will be destroyed.
	To him that is cursed of a strange tree the living thing is of God, and to be cut off, even that shewed to the living tree.
	Whoso contendeth with an Thus shall be a robber, and shall be a living tree: but he that taketh a wise tree shall be destroyed.
	If anyone argues with a mocker, or a life become a foreigner, you shall utterly be destroyed; and he who takes a wise tree shall be destroyed.
	If a scoffer or a scoffer gathers with him that is a rebellious nation, then he shall be destroyed. He who takes an old tree shall be destroyed.
	When a scoffer rises with a scoffer, he who is a old tree shall be destroyed, and he who takes away the old tree shall be destroyed.
	If it is a scoffer, or a scoffer, you shall be a living tree; he who takes a living tree shall be destroyed.
	He who heeds correction loves a man who is coming down from old his old way, and he who destroyed the tree from everlasting, shall be destroyed.
	He who keeps the reproof loves man with integrity, but he who destroyed the ancient tree from the old, the tree of old shall be destroyed.
	He who heeds correction loves one who is simple. He who shuts the old down of the ancient tree will be destroyed.
	He who heeds the Word judges. He who is able to destroy from the ancient tree, and he who destroys the trees of old will be destroyed.
	He who despises correction judges man with a rod, but he who destroyed the old tree from the beginning, the tree of old shall be destroyed.
	He who therefore devours the commandment shall destroy alive from the tree; from the tree of the knowledge shall he destroy.
	He that keepeth a commandment keepeth both the commandment, and him that to be cut off from the trees of the field.
	He who reproves an evil man or a bitter, both he and him who is kind of man, shall be destroyed from the tree.
	He that keepeth a commandment, and he that is oppressed, shall be destroyed from the tree of life.
	He that rebuketh a man of violence, and he that is both of them shall perish from the tree.
	Those who watch by rebuke shall be destroyed. You will be cut down from the high mountain, and will be brought to silence.
	Those who persecute, the destroyed with destruction, shall be destroyed; and you shall destroy from the Most High.
	Those who test him will be destroyed. You will destroy and destroy from the height of the high places.
	They that rebuke and they shall be destroyed with destroying: and thou shalt destroy from the height of the high places.
	They that reprove and destroy shall be destroyed together: thou shalt destroy the most High from the green tree.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Oh, that dress reveals too much, Carol. I'd change it.
Top 25 Translations
	Therefore beyond the passes, so that I am not steadfast, but can't strengthen him who has withdrawn himself in his wrath.
	Therefore be steadfast, so that I may be restored that no anger, who am able to perform the state of the wrath.
	Therefore be steadfast, and not proud, but present yourself slow to that which I am able to alter.
	Therefore beyond the things which I can't be removed, but I am so much that I can't escape.
	Therefore be steadfast, so that I can't be moved, but I am confident, so that I don't obey him in wrath.
	If I cann't make a new arrow, or if I don't finish it, I will change it in my matter.
	If I cannot away the shadow thereof, if it be meet for the terrible work: but if that I have laid it on him, I will change it.
	If I don't make a new cart, or canst finish it, then I will change it until I have established it.
	If I don't make a new cart on the would stand, but will set it in array, then I will change it.
	If I don't build a new stuff, or will set a heavy stuff on it, I will change it.
	Is there any thing that is lost, that it be not moved? I shall therefore change it.
	lest he be forgotten, that he may be exalted; that it may be no loss. I may change it.
	lest anyone is forgotten, having a Wherewith he may be moved. I will change it.
	Lest thou forget, because thou shouldest be bound up again, I will do it.
	Is it any thing that he could not endure? I shall change it, lest I be moved.
	If he is faithful, let him be established: and he cannot change it, but can't change it.
	If he be able to So, as though he is perfect, I shall be stedfast, and shall not change it.
	And if he be faithful, yet shall he stand: he shall be established, and shall not change it.
	And if a faithful man be stedfast, and hold fast, and continue in it; yea, and it cannot change it.
	If there be a faithful man, yet he shall be perfect; and he shall be established, and shall not change it.
	If thou canst cut him off in pieces, I shall not till he know it: I will change it, and so shall it be.
	If you can cut off its sure stones, I will not withhold it from you; but I will change it for myself.
	If you prepare a cart for him, he will not plow you. I will change it to him who is able to change it.
	If you can bind an axe when you are prepared, I wouldn't satisfy its till I myself; and that I may change it.
	If you can cut off its wheat in an olive tree, I will not plow the till my face. I will change it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The findings of the report have yet to be analysed by the government so they can formulate new policies.
Top 25 Translations
	knowing that it is appointed for ah done, and that behind it is a new covenant, which shall be counted to him for generations from generation to generation.
	For the tidings thereof shall be known of the thing, that shall be found in them: and after that, it shall make a new yea, and shall shine for ever.
	The sentence is known to them, that to be kept in doubt before, and to present a new covenant in the generations of their generations.
	knowing that the writing is given to be revealed, and then it shall be a new covenant, after in his generations, thousands after things have been honored, to make known to them.
	It is known for the former words that are put in custody; and After it, they are new bow to make a new covenant for ever from generation to generation.
	Even though the well saw that the noise was in a fir tree, so that we could see in the appearance of the trees, we can be revealed.
	However concerning the greatness of the matter I perceive that they aren't known in a new thing, but are himself face out of the fig tree.
	Even though they know this, they are so soon known in their appearance. Yes, they can be known to be right, because of a new appearance.
	Even though they heard this our threescore know that it is good for a man to be known among men, yet they are manifest in themselves of a new countenance.
	Their appearance is known, whether it be good or bad among the trees, so that they may be able to clear forth, if it is known what is done in the form of it.
	If his fame is in his power, then they shall know that his neck is renewed in the likeness of a new man.
	As for their strength, they also men of strength; and they can't know his image, for they are new heavens.
	Their words will be known, if they can't reach out. They are renewed in new therefore, whose mouths are renewed in their bringing themselves forth.
	If his speech is small, they are strong: they know that a new vine is without strength.
	If his speech is known by his might, they are renewed in the turned of a new jealousy, which is in their appointed oracles.
	But the first, when he shall have yet more spoken, he shall shut it up by inhabitants, that he may establish it in a new form, which may be established in another form.
	Without a kingdom, when he can discern the message of the nobles, he shall be established in order, but shall stand firm in the likeness of the princes.
	But those who regard the harvest, when they can't yet speak the time of the base, you can never with them; and they are established in their form.
	But those, having no understanding at the first, can add the end to the riches of the fierce rule, to grant it to light in a new form.
	Without a dream he can carry the full answer of the sure words, because he can't make known its end, but put it in a new stand.
	They have a time to bring good news, and they are divided. Yes, they are about new stand, and will set forth new armies. They can't open the way.
	He putteth forth that which is but new, which are new; so that which is renewed in must be established in another man, so that they are renewed a new way.
	And a time that they bring forth glad tidings, they commit new things: whose hand they are beasts, and have opened the must be a new wind, and there is but a new way.
	They have a time to bring good tidings, which are new; and they have established a new covenant, which they are redeemed: which can mouth a new man, and another mouth will open the way.
	And a when they bring forth, they take away the offering that shall be used for themselves: but they shall be divided for new gods, which shall be able to open the mouth of every new man.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Alcohol consumption has risen again among the young, according to a new report published today.
Top 25 Translations
	For destruction has come among the children. As it is known to the new Scriptures, so is it for a new day.
	Destruction has appeared in the youth, as it has been revealed in the days of the new prophet, so is the day of he has been revealed.
	Destruction has been revealed among the youth, as it has been revealed in the sight of the young men; so is it in the day of visitation.
	Destruction has been revealed among the young men. As it has been revealed in a new day, so is a new news to the day.
	Destruction has been revealed in the flesh of the young men; like it is preached in a new day, and has been revealed to this day.
	As the day goeth down, so is the noise of the young man that beareth new praise among the young men.
	It is said among the young men, that are ready to bring tidings among the young men.
	There is a day, which bringeth good tidings among the young men, which bringeth good tidings.
	There is a day of trouble, like the tumult that brings good tidings among the young men.
	As the days of adversity are in pain, so is a young man among the sons that bringeth good tidings.
	And Now Jethro was a new child, and put forth a new young men among the young men.
	And Jotham was a new child, and he was exalted among the young men.
	And reign was taken up among the young men, whose words were in law as a new heart was in the days of the young men.
	And Haggai was a new lion, and took up a new ass, and set him among the young men.
	Jotham was divided up among the old men, as new young men with a new child.
	meets stand up in the day of wheat, in the day of the renewing news among his young men.
	"In the day that host proclaimed a new birth, behold, in the days of your youth, who were young men, will arise from their youth.
	And it came to pass in the day of doth come, in the newth day of the new birth, that answereth new among the young men, and is raised up in his youth.
	meet for that which was new, and raised up among his youth in the midst of his young men:
	Also answereth in the day of wheat: yea, among the youths there arose a new child, and was taken in her young men.
	And that I might shew forth the gospel among men, after the manner of the gospel to be made known unto the young men.
	And that the gospel might be preached among men; that as it was written of the Lord, to make it known unto the young men.
	And that I was told of you, as it is written in the book of life, how it was written among the young men.
	Those who went in because of the Good News prophesied until the day, as it is written in the book of the Good News.
	and that the Good News came also among the young men, which they were counted as it is written in the book of the law.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Have you decided whether you'll opt for our standard insurance or the premium policy?
Top 25 Translations
	Why do you test us to mourn for our sake? Or do you use judgment and justice for us?
	Why do you want to be tempted for us? Will you trust in justice, and for hope?
	And why do ye persecute us for our infirmities, and for hearkening unto judgment?
	Why do you suffer us to be tempted for our sake, and for judgment?
	Why do you suffer us to be tempted for our sake? Or do you use the hope of judgment and hope?
	Hast ye taken as blind horns, and as it were to you, and have caused us to stumble by reason of the arm of robbers, even of robbers, to make an ensigns for us?
	Have you made a banner for us, to carry away the rod of robbers, to make atonement for us in the habitation of robberss, or the lot of robbers?
	Or have ye fulfilled our bars of our horses, to walk in by the saith he, and to set up our banners of robbers?
	Have you taken an ensign for us, that you should cast a banner for our armies, and a banner of robbers?
	Have ye sealed for our staves the sick, and make us an ensign of thieves, set in sacrifice the ensign of robbers?
	And why have ye obeyed our words so that ye have sent after our messengers, and that ye might be prepared, and that ye might attended unto the palace, and unto the upper chambers?
	Why do you think our messenger, that you have not listened to our spirits, nor to prepare anything for us?
	And why have ye sent after our messengers, and whom ye have ye made ready, and bound up the upper chambers, wherewith ye have been prepared?
	Why have you treated us about the messengers, and put us in judge, by so that you have not been prepared for yourselves, and for the side of the rooms?
	Why have you treated our way by the messengers, that you should be ready to judge, and to cast about the rooms of the commandments, and the Says that you might be prepared?
	Do you gather our feet together at Philippi, and our servants servants to you? Or have you not brought peace to us?
	Are ye now gathered our feet and our servants to ye? have ye not brought again to us, that ye should find peace for us?
	What have you gathered together our feet and our servants to you? Or have you brought peace to us, and have you not to bring peace peace for us?
	Are you now gathered our feet and our servants to you? Hasn't this come to us, to bring peace and went out our peace for us?
	Are you now gathered our feet and our servants to you? Or have you brought peace to us, to carry peace to us?
	What do you mean, that you have covered with that you? Have you the thief, or the mountain of robbers, setting up our bars with fire and hope?
	How do you by yourselves know me? Have you How? Have you set up our burden by thief and the hope of our hope?
	What do you know? Shall you raise up the ark of God? Or with robbers and high places have you fastened our bars and our hope?
	What do you mean, that you have GOD? and what faith, have you counted with robbers and with robbers, to lay on our posts, and with our hope?
	What do you know? Have you How do you raise up the standard of robbers or of robbers? Have you set up our arms and our hope?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You need to be more productive, Susan, and I mean that in terms of the hours you do here in the office.
Top 25 Translations
	You therefore must serve yourself a more excellent reward. Yes, it is evident for you to do this thing in those days.
	And now thou standest on a good minister; and for a testimony against thee, whereof thou hast been standing here for thy sake.
	Thou therefore how canst things pertain to thy honourable apparel: and in time there thou givest testimony to thy those things which are wrought here.
	You do as far as it is also appropriate for your Both good report. In the time of which you do here, you will be partakers of it for your sake.
	You do a more excellent thing than you do. In this you testify the things that are done here for you, as it were also in part of the same time.
	Since you found more honor than money, showing yourselves in those days, showing me a witness, here present to you.
	Seeing thou how great things they hast served thee: in those things I have testified of thee in my chains, thou give me a witness before me.
	Seeing thou hast found more excellent profession in thyself, forasmuch as thou hast seen me in those things which are wanting, whereunto I testify against thee;
	Thou hast seen also how much honourest thou oughtest to be honour, and in time I be witness against thee, who thing I am able to bear thee.
	Since thou hast seen a great priest, inasmuch as thou hast been righteous in my sight, thou hast kept me close unto thee,
	Do you honor before him, and honor him? at what time I will do in your presence, that I might show wonders to you, for what reason I have done to you?
	In that thou setest honour and honour before thee; and when I shall have been told of thee whatsoever thou oughtst to do for thee, shall I make supplication unto thee?
	In that thou thoughtest honour and honourest me before thy face: and in the time when thou doest I will make request for thee, I will judge thee what I shall do even for thee.
	In the sight of your honor you will show honor before me, and before your people for what purpose I will show you how you will do for those things?
	In that thou honourest him before the matter: and in what season I will shew thee judgment, when I shall do some things for thee.
	For it is great that I should be glorified above thee; and that when I am come hence to thee, I might be accepted here in whatsoever thou mightest be reckoned by me.
	For it is far above thee who great and honourable among you, and set me on my journey whatsoever I shall desire that thou shouldest come hither.
	for it is great and noble among you, and pestilence is laid down here in whatever I desire to that you will have been respected in me.
	For they are more honorable and honorable than you, when I was about to come here, what I would desire to do to you.
	When I shall have more honorable and honourable than thou, in the way I shall be accepted with thee, and when I shall come hither.
	You have even to keep the glory of your riches, and to hold of your peace. I write on you, because you wait until this time."
	When thou art the glory of this glory and of honour, I have written these things unto thee in the latter time, that thou also may be bound up till I be until this time.
	And now thou hast need of the glory and of thy majesty: and I write upon this time, that it may be even at the time when thou visitest me.
	And thou hast received of thy power above be with me, and I will kept thee: and from whence thou mournest, I will write it unto thee.
	And thou hast received of glory and of the glory: and I am written of this, That thou wouldest put thy trust on me: for he is able to bear the door of thee.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
