-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Lance is highly knowledgeable on this subject.
Top 100 Translations
	Lance was very perceptive about the subject.
	Lance had a lot of insight into the subject.
	Lance is very perceptive about the subject.
	Lance is very keenly perceptive with regard to the subject.
	Lance was very intuitive on the subject.
	Lance had a very perceptive vision of the subject.
	Lance was so perceptive about the subject.
	Lance is very perceptive on the subject.
	Lance is very perceptive on the subject.
	Lance was very perceptive on the subject.
	Lance is very learned on the subject. This is very intellificent at the oblem.
	- This are very knowledgeable at the oblem.
	This are very intelligent at the oblem.
	This is very intelligent at the oblem.
	Lance is learned on the hour. This are very informative at the hour.
	This are very intellicent at the oblem.
	This are very intelligent at the end.
	This are very intellicent at the oblem.
	This are very educated at the end.
	This are very knowledgeable at the oblem.
	Lance has a great knowledge about the topic. Lance has an enormous knowledge of the subject.
	Lance knows a lot about this subject and Lance knows a lot about it.
	Lance has a lot of knowledge about it. Lance has a lot of knowledge about it.
	Lance has a deep knowledge of the subject. Lance has an enormous knowledge of the subject.
	Lance has a very rich knowledge of this theme. Lance knows about it indissoluble ways.
	Lance has a great knowledge of this theme. Lance has a great knowledge of this subject.
	Lance has a rich knowledge on this topic, and Lance has an invaluable understanding of this subject.
	Lance has a wealth of knowledge about the topic. Lance knows an infinite amount of knowledge about the subject.
	Lance is very knowledgeable on the subject, and he has an enormous knowledge of the subject.
	Lance has a wealth of knowledge on this subject. Rance has a lot of understanding on this subject.
	Lance has learned a lot about the subject in this respect.
	Lance is very well aware of the subject in this respect.
	Lance is very much aware of the subject in this respect.
	Lance understands the topic very well in this regard.
	Lance is quite aware of this subject in this respect.
	Lance knows very well about this subject in this respect.
	Lance is very familiar with the subject in this respect.
	Lance is well aware of this subject in this respect.
	Lance is well aware of this subject in this respect.
	Lance has been well aware of this theme in this respect.
	Lance has highly experienced on the one subject.
	Lance has highly excreted on the one subject.
	Lance has highly excrered on the one subject.
	Lance has very well understood on the one subject.
	Lance has highly experienced on the one subject.
	Lance has very well experienced on the one subject.
	Lance has very highly experienced on the one subject.
	Lance has highly experienced on the one subject.
	Lance has highly experienced on the one subject.
	Lance has very well understood on the one subject.
	Lance has quite a lot of knowledge about this problem.
	Lance has a great deal of knowledge about this issue.
	Lance has an extremely good idea of what this is about.
	Lance has a great deal of knowledge about this problem.
	Lance knows a great deal about this problem.
	Lance is very, very knowledgeable about the problem.
	Lance is a great man with knowledge of this issue.
	Lance has a really great knowledge of the problem.
	Lance is a very well informed man on the subject.
	Lance has a great deal of knowledge about this problem.
	Lance knows the topic very well. I can't tell you what you're gonna do.
	Lance knows the subject very well.
	Lance knows the subject very well.
	Lance knows a great deal about the subject.
	Lance knows this subject pretty well, I don't know.
	Lance knew the subject very well.
	Lance knew a great deal about the subject.
	Lance knows a lot about the subject.
	Lance has a lot of sense for the subject, that's all.
	Lance is very well placed to know the subject.
	Lance had a pretty deep knowledge of the subject.
	Lance has a good idea about the topic. You can ask me if you'd like to tell you a little bit about it.
	Lance is very well aware of the subject.
	Lance has a deep understanding of the subject.
	Lance has a deep understanding of the subject.
	Lance had a great understanding of the subject.
	Lance has an excellent understanding of the subject.
	Lance had a deep understanding of the subject.
	Lance knows that topic in a very well-articulated way.
	Lance has a very good knowledge of this subject.
	Lance knows a lot about this topic, isn't he?
	Lance is quite aware of the subject.
	Lance knows the subject very well.
	Lance knows all the details of the subject.
	Lance knows what this is all about.
	Lance knew the subject very well, didn't he?
	Lance is quite aware of the subject.
	Lance knows the subject very well.
	Lance understands this very well, I don't see how to talk about it.
	Lance knows all kinds of things about this.
	Lance knows a lot of things about the subject. Lance knows a lot about it.
	Lance has a lot of knowledge on this subject. Lance knows it well.
	Lance has a wealth of knowledge on the subject. Lance knows everything about it.
	Lance knows so much about this topic. Lance knows so much about it.
	Lance is very well informed about this subject. Lance knows all about it.
	Lance knows a lot about this subject. Lance does. He knows a lot about it.
	Lance has a great deal of knowledge on the subject. Lance knows all about it.
	Lance has a rich understanding of the topic, and Lance is very familiar with it.
	Lance has a great deal of knowledge in this subject. Lance has a great grasp of it.
	Lance is very knowledgeable about this issue, and Lance is very familiar with it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I need a good explanation of all the costs involved in buying a new car.
Top 100 Translations
	I need a good explanation for all the cost of purchasing a new car.
	I need a good explanation for the full cost of buying a new car.
	And I need a good explanation about all the costs of purchase of a new car.
	I'm gonna need a good explanation for all the costs of buying new cars.
	I need a good explanation about the full cost of buying a new car.
	I needed a good explanation for all the costs of buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation for all costs related to the purchase of a new car.
	I need a good explanation for the whole cost of buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation for all the costs of buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation for the entire cost of buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation about all the costs involved in purchasing a new car to buy a new car.
	I need a good explanation for all the costs of buying new cars, for the cost of buying a new car.
	And I need a good explanation about all the costs that's involved in getting a new car that's going to buy a new car.
	I need a good explanation for all the costs involved in purchasing a new car and buying a new car.
	I need a better explanation of all the cost of buying new car and buying a new car.
	I'm gonna need an explanation for all the cost involved in buying the new car and buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation for the costs involved in buying a new car all over the way to buy a new car.
	- I needed a good explanation for all the costs of getting a new car and buying a new car.
	I need a good explanation for all the charges that were incurred to buy new vehicles to buy a new car.
	I'm gonna need an explanation for the entire cost of buying a new car and buying it for a new car.
	How much money is this new car gonna cost, and I've got a good explanation, how much it will cost to buy a new car.
	How much it costs to buy a new car. I have a good reason for saying. How much does it cost to buy a new car?
	How much it costs to buy a new vehicle? I need to have a good explanation for how much it costs to buy a new car.
	How much is it gonna cost for new vehicles? I need to know, how much it costs to get a new car.
	How much it costs to get a new car. I've got to figure out a good explanation. How much it cost to buy a new car.
	How much do we pay for the new car? I have to have an explanation. How much does it cost to buy a new car?
	How much does it cost to buy a new car? I need to have a better explanation of how much it's going to cost to buy a new car.
	How much does it cost to get a new truck, and I gotta have something to explain, how much it cost to get a new car.
	How much money it cost to buy new cars, I've got one to explain to me how much it's cost to buy a new car.
	How much it costs for the new car? I have to tell you. How much it cost to get a new car.
	The whole cost of shopping a new car, I need a good explanation.
	The full costs of buying a new car. I need a good explanation.
	I need a good explanation of the total costs involved in the purchase of a new car.
	I'm going to need an explanation for all the costs involved in buying a new car.
	The full cost of getting a new car. I'll need a good explanation.
	For the whole cost of a new car, I need a good explanation.
	The full amount of costs involved in getting a new car, I need a good explanation.
	I'm gonna need a good explanation for the full amount of money I'm gonna cost to buy a new car.
	What I need is a good explanation of the whole cost involved in getting a new car.
	I need a good explanation as to the full costs of buying a new car.
	I need a clear explanation for how much you'll pay for this new car. How much will I take for a new car?
	And I need to make it clear what it's gonna cost me for buying a new car... how much it costs me to buy a new car?
	I need to explain exactly what it costs to buy a new car and how it costs me to buy a new car.
	I need to know exactly how much I'll pay to buy a new truck, how much I'll cost to buy a new car.
	I need to explain how much it costs to buy a new car. How much it would cost to buy a new car?
	I need to explain precisely how much I'm gonna cost to get a new car. How much I would pay to buy a new car?
	I need a good explanation of how much money I'm going to get for a new car. How much am I going to cost for a new car?
	I need to clarify how much it cost to buy a new car. How much am I gonna costs to buy a new car?
	I need a clear explanation of what it cost to purchase a new car. How much it cost me to buy a new car?
	I need an explanation on how much a new car would cost. What would I pay for a new car?
	I need a good explanation of the costs involved in buying a new car.
	I want a very good explanation of how much I pay for the purchase of the new car.
	I need to have an explanation of all the cost involved in buying a new car.
	And I need a good explanation of all the expenses associated with the new car.
	I'm going to need a nice explanation for what it's like to buy the new car.
	I'm going to need to make a very good explanation for what it cost to buy a new car.
	I need a good explanation for all the costs involved in the purchase of a new car.
	I'm gonna need a nice explanation of what costs to buy a new car.
	And I need a very good explanation for what it costs to buy a new car as well as for what it costs to buy a new car.
	I'm gonna need a good explanation for everything you need to spend on buying the new car.
	I need a detailed explanation as to how much it would cost to buy a new car.
	I'll need a lot of details about how much it would cost to buy this new car, and I'd like a good explanation.
	I need to explain in detail, how much money is it gonna cost for me to buy a new car.
	I need to explain this in detail what it cost to buy a new car.
	I'm going to need some details on how much it costs to buy a new car.
	I'm gonna have to explain everything. How much is it gonna cost to buy a new car, and I'm gonna have to explain it to you a little bit.
	I'm gonna need a detailed explanation, how much it costs to get the new car, I need a good explanation.
	I'm gonna need a detailed explanation for the cost of getting a new car. I need a good explanation.
	- I need to know more. How much you need to spend buying a new one. I've got to explain this a little bit.
	I need an explanation on how much it would cost to buy a new car.
	And I'd like to explain clearly the whole cost involved in buying a new car.
	I need to be clear about how the new car is going to spend all the money that we're gonna have on getting the new car.
	I need to explain clearly what the whole cost of buying a new car is.
	I'll need to make it clear all the expenses that are involved in buying a new car.
	I want to be clear on the costs of the new vehicle, the entire cost of purchasing the new car.
	I have to explain clearly what's gonna happen to all the new cars, and the cost of buying new ones.
	I need to explain clearly what you're gonna cost me for the new car, and how much you're gonna need for the new car.
	I need to get a clear account of all the costs involved in getting a new car.
	I need a clear explanation for all the costs involved in the new car and the purchase of the new car.
	I'm gonna need a clear explanation about all the expenses of a new car for the purchase of a new car.
	I need an explanation that's right with all costs involved in buying a new car.
	I need a correct explanation with all costs related to the purchase of a new car.
	I need a correct explanation with all the costs related to the purchase of a new car.
	And I need to get an explanation that's true with all the costs that's involved in buying a new car.
	I need a correct explanation with all the costs involved in the purchase of a new car.
	I need a proper explanation with all costs involved in the purchase of a new car.
	And I need a good explanation with all of the costs involved in purchasing a new car.
	I need a proper explanation of the cost of the whole thing involving the purchase of a new car.
	I need a proper explanation with respect to all the costs involved in buying a new car.
	I'm going to require a proper explanation with all of the costs that are involved in the purchase of a new car.
	I want to explain in detail everything that's gonna have to be done for the purchase of a new car.
	I need details on all the charges to cover the purchase of a new car.
	I need a detailed explanation of all the expenses that need to be paid to buy a new car.
	I need details on all the costs that will have to be paid for purchasing a new car.
	I need a full explanation of all costs that need to be paid to buy a new car.
	I need a full explanation for every cost I've got to pay to buy a new car.
	I'm going to need to explain in full everything that's been required to buy a new car.
	I needed to explain with detail all the costs that would have been incurred for the purchase of a new car.
	I'm going to need details about all the costs of purchasing a new car.
	I'm gonna need detailed explanations of all the fees that need to be paid for the purchase of a new car.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: There was a lively debate about the Middle East, then they moved to a vote.
Top 100 Translations
	The question of the Middle East has been the subject of intensive debate among the parties, which has since been followed by a vote.
	There was intense debate about the Middle East issue, which was followed by a vote.
	The Middle East region was heavily debated by the parties, followed by a vote.
	There were intensive debates on the Middle East issue, following which a vote was taken.
	There has been a intense debate on the question of the Middle East, which has been followed by a vote.
	The Middle East issue had been heavily debated by all sides, after which a vote was taken.
	The Middle East region was heavily debated by all sides, followed by a vote.
	The issue of Middle East was the subject of intense debate on the part of the parties, before a vote on it was put to the vote.
	There had been intense debate on the Middle East issue, which had been followed by a vote.
	There was intense debate over the Middle East problem, which was followed by a vote.
	They then proceeded with a vigorous debate on the Middle East, which was followed by a vote.
	There was an intense debate on the Middle East at that time, after which they put their votes to the vote.
	They then proceeded to a vote after a vigorous debate on the Middle East.
	There was a lively debate in the Middle East, followed by a vote.
	There was a lively debate on the Middle East and they proceeded to a vote.
	They proceeded to vote after a lively debate on the Middle East.
	They then held a lively debate on the Middle East, and they then proceeded to a vote.
	There was intense debate about the Middle East, which was followed by a vote.
	A lively debate ensued concerning the Middle East, before they proceeded to a vote.
	The Middle East was the subject of a heated debate at that time, before they proceeded to a vote.
	There had been intense debate about the Middle East at that time, after which they moved for a vote.
	There was a very violent debate in the Middle East at the time, after which they moved for a vote.
	When there was intense debate about the Middle East at that time, they then moved for a vote.
	At that time, there was a fierce debate about the Middle East, and then they moved for a vote.
	The Middle East had been vehemently debated at that time, and they subsequently moved for a vote.
	There was some intense debate about the Middle East at the time, after which they had moved for a vote.
	There was a very heated debate in the Middle East at that time, and then they moved for a vote.
	There had been an intense debate about the Middle East at that time and they then moved for a vote.
	There was intense debate in the Middle East, before they moved for a vote.
	On that occasion there was a lively debate about the Middle East, which they then moved for a vote.
	The Middle East was enthusiastically debated, after which they proceeded to a vote.
	There was a very lively debate in the Middle East and they then proceeded to a vote.
	The Middle East was debated lively at the time, and the vote was followed by a vote.
	The Middle East was under a very active debate, following which they proceeded to a vote.
	There was an active debate about the Middle East, which was followed by a vote.
	There was a lively debate on the Middle East, and they then proceeded to a vote.
	After a lively debate in the Middle East, they proceeded to a vote.
	At that time, there was a lively debate in the Middle East, and they then proceeded to a vote.
	There was a heated debate on the Middle East, and they proceeded to a vote.
	They had an active debate on the Middle East, which in turn had been followed by a vote.
	There had been an intense debate on the Middle East that had since resulted in a abstaining vote.
	There had been an intense debate on the Middle East that had been followed by a abstaining vote.
	There was an intense debate about the Middle East, which was followed by a abstaining vote.
	There had been an intense debate in the Middle East that had been followed by a waiver of the vote.
	There had been a fierce debate about the Middle East, and they had subsequently abstained in the vote.
	There had been a violent debate in the Middle East, after which they had abstained in the vote.
	On the Middle East, there was a heated debate, after which they abstained.
	There had been a period of intense debate in the Middle East, after which they had abstained in the vote.
	There was an intense debate on the Middle East, and they subsequently abstained in the vote.
	There had been intense debate in the Middle East, and they had subsequently abstained in the vote.
	They engaged in a lively debate in the Middle East, which was followed by a vote.
	The Middle East was debated intensively at that time, and then they put their votes to the vote.
	They then had a very lively debate on the Middle East before they proceeded to a vote.
	There was an intense debate on the Middle East and they then proceeded to a vote.
	There was a lively debate in the Middle East, after which they proceeded to a vote.
	A lively debate then took place on the Middle East, before they cast a vote.
	The Middle East was the subject of active debate, followed by a vote.
	It was the Middle East that had been the subject of a strong debate, and then they had taken a vote.
	A lively debate was held on the Middle East after which they proceeded to a vote.
	There was a lively debate about the Middle East, after which they proceeded to put their votes to the vote.
	There was an active debate on the Middle East, and they subsequently abstained in the vote.
	There had been a vibrant debate on the Middle East, which had since been followed by a abstaining vote.
	After a lively debate on the Middle East, they abstained in the vote.
	There had been a lively debate over the Middle East, which was followed by a abstaining vote.
	There had been a heated debate in the Middle East, which they had subsequently abstained in the vote.
	There was a robust debate in the Middle East, which was followed by a abstaining vote.
	They had then abstained from voting after a lively debate on the Middle East.
	They had been the result of a lively debate about the Middle East, which they subsequently abstained in the vote.
	They subsequently abstained in a lively debate on the Middle East.
	They then abstained in the vote when there was a lively debate on the Middle East.
	There had been a hot debate in the Middle East, followed by a vote.
	The Middle East was the scene of a heated debate, which were then followed by a vote.
	There had been a lively contest in the Middle East, which they had followed by a vote.
	There was a lively argument in the Middle East, and then they voted again.
	There was an intense controversy in the Middle East, which was followed by a vote.
	In the Middle East, the debate was lively, and then they went on to put it to a vote.
	In the Middle East there was a lively debate, after which they voted again.
	In the Middle East, a lively controversy took place, which was followed by a vote.
	There was an intense controversy in the Middle East, which was followed by a vote.
	The Middle East had an infuriated debate that was then followed by a vote.
	They had a very lively debate of the Middle East, after which they had decided to proceed to a vote.
	They had had a lively debate on the question of the Middle East and decided to put it to a vote.
	They held an intense debate on the Middle East issue, after which they decided to put them to a vote.
	They held a vigorous debate on the Middle East and then decided to put it to a vote.
	They had a lively debate on the Middle East issue before deciding to put it to a vote.
	After a heated debate about the Middle East issue, they decided to put the matter to a vote.
	They had a lively debate on the issue of the Middle East, after which they had decided to put the matter to a vote.
	After heated debates had taken place on the Middle East issue, they had decided to proceed to a vote.
	They held an active debate on the Middle East question before deciding to put it to a vote.
	Following a lively debate on the Middle East issue, they decided that a vote would be taken.
	There has been a very intense debate on the Middle East, and they then proceeded to a vote.
	There had been intense debates in the Middle East that had been followed by a vote.
	There was intense debate in relation to the Middle East, followed by a vote.
	There had been a vigorous debate on the Middle East, and they had proceeded to a vote.
	There was a heated debate on the Middle East and they proceeded to put it to a vote.
	There had been heavy debate in the Middle East, and they would then take a vote.
	There was an intense debate on the Middle East, following which they proceeded to a vote.
	There was an intense debate in respect of the Middle East, which was followed by a vote.
	There was a violent debate on the Middle East and they then put a vote to it.
	There had been intense debate on the Middle East, followed by a vote.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The doctor told him to lose weight quickly or pay the price later in life.
Top 100 Translations
	He was told by the doctor that the weight should be cut quickly, otherwise it would be at a cost at a later stage.
	The doctor told him that it was necessary to have a fast diet before the price would have to be paid at a later stage.
	The doctor informed him that it should be rapidly lost, or that it would be costly at a later date.
	The doctor told him that he should lose weight swiftly, otherwise he would pay the price at a later stage.
	The doctor told him that it would be necessary to reduce weight quickly, otherwise there would have been a price at a later stage.
	Doctors told him that he should have fast diets or have to pay the price at a later stage.
	The doctor told him that there should be a fast diet or that there should be a price to pay at a later stage.
	The doctors told him that the reduction should take place quickly, or else the price would have to be paid at a later stage.
	The doctor informed him that the weight reduction should be taken quickly or that there would be a price to pay at a later stage.
	The doctors told him that the weight should be lost quickly, otherwise the cost would have to be paid later.
	The doctor told him to slow down fast or to pay the price for the rest of his life.
	Doctors made him lose weight very soon, or they'll pay for the rest of his life.
	The doctor gave him a fast diet, or he would pay the price for the rest of his life.
	He is quickly reduced in weight by a physician, and he'll be paying the price for the rest of his life.
	The doctor ordered him to lose weight soon or pay the price for the rest of his life.
	The doctor had his weight cut quickly, or he had to pay for it in the rest of his life.
	The doctor made him lose weight soon, or he'll pay for it for the rest of his life.
	The doctor would let him lose weight quickly or pay the price of his life in the rest of his life.
	The doctor ordered him to lose weight soon or to pay the price for the rest of his life.
	Doctors gave him the right to lose weight fast or pay for the rest of his life.
	The doctor told him that he had lost weight as quickly as possible or had paid the price at a later stage of his life.
	The doctor informed him that he would lose weight early or pay the price for the later part of his life.
	The doctor had told him to lose weight as quickly as possible or to pay the subsequent price of his life.
	The doctor said to him to lose weight as quickly as possible or at a cost to him in later stages of his life.
	The doctor said to him that he had fast weight loss, or that he had paid a price on the later stages of his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight as soon as possible or at a later time in his life.
	The doctor informed him that they were losing weight, or that they were paying for a later stage of their lives, as soon as possible.
	The doctor had told him to lose weight soon or at the later cost of his life.
	He has been told by the same doctor to lose weight as soon as possible or to pay a later price for his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight as quickly as possible or to pay the price for the later part of his life.
	The doctor has told him to lose weight quickly, or the rest of my life, he has to pay.
	Doctors told him to lose weight, or to pay for the rest of his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight soon, or to pay the price for the rest of his life.
	The doctors told him to lose a lot of weight, or else to pay for the rest of his life.
	The doctor tells me he's gonna lose his weight fast or he'll have to pay the price in the rest of his life.
	The doctor told him he should lose weight, or he'll pay for what he's gonna do in the rest of his life.
	The doctors told him he needs to lose weight soon or that he'll have a price in the rest of his life.
	He'll have to lose his weight soon, or he'll be paying the price for the rest of his life.
	The doctors tell him he's gotta lose weight quick, or he's gonna pay the cost for the rest of his life.
	The doctor tells him to lose weight soon, or he's gonna pay the price in the rest of his life.
	The doctor gave him a weight loss, or paid him a price for later in his life.
	The doctor gave him a weight loss or paid a price for the later part of his life.
	The doctor made him lose weight or pay the price at the later part of his life.
	The doctor lets him lose weight, or it's payin' for the late part of his life.
	The doctor lets him lose weight or the price of the later part of his life.
	The doctors let him lose weight or pay the price at a later stage of his life.
	The doctors gave him a weight loss, or they paid for the later part of his life.
	The doctor let him lose weight, or pay for the later part of his life.
	The doctor lets him lose weight or pays for the late stages of his life.
	Doctors get him to lose weight or pay a price for the later part of his life.
	The doctor ordered him to slow down the diet, or he's gonna pay for it later.
	Doctors make him lose weight very quickly, or give it to him later.
	The doctor told him to slow down his weight or to give money at a later date.
	Doctors had given him a quick diet, or he would have paid for it later.
	The doctor asked him to quickly lose weight or to pay later.
	Doctors tell him to have a fast weight loss, or they pay for it at a later stage.
	Doctors gave him rapid weight loss, or paid him back at a later date.
	The doctor had given him fast weight reduction or he was to give him some money at a later date.
	The doctor let him have a quick diet or pay him later.
	The doctor gave him rapid weight-cutting or he gave him the money at a later date.
	The doctor told him to lose weight as soon as possible before he would be at the cost of life in the future.
	He had been told by the doctor that diet would be reduced quickly, otherwise it would pay a price for the rest of his life.
	The physician told him to lose weight as rapidly as possible or to the cost of life in the future.
	He was told by the doctor that the reduction in weight was quick, otherwise he would have to pay the price of life in the future.
	The doctor told him that weight loss could take place quickly, or that it would cost him later in his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight as fast as possible, or there was a cost in the life ahead.
	He was informed that he was to lose weight as quickly as possible or to pay the price in the event of a later life.
	The physician told him that the weight would be lost as soon as possible or that there was a price in his life, if you did not, in the later stages of his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight quickly, otherwise he would have to pay for his future life.
	He was told that his diet should be reduced as quickly as possible, or that he would have to pay for the rest of his life.
	He was told by the doctor to lose weight as soon as possible, otherwise this will cost him for the last part of his life.
	The doctor advised him to lose weight soon or to have to pay the later part of his life.
	He was told by the doctor to lose weight as soon as possible, otherwise it would be at a cost for later in his life.
	The doctor had told him that it was difficult to lose weight as quickly as possible or to pay the price at an later stage of his life.
	He was told that the loss of weights would be at an early price for the part of his life.
	The doctor told him to reduce weights as soon as possible, or to pay at a late stage in his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight as quickly as possible or for the costs to be paid in the later stages of his life.
	The doctor told him to fast down his weight before it could be at a later price in his life.
	He was told that he should lose weight as soon as possible, otherwise it would have a cost in the later part of his life.
	The doctor told him that he would lose weight as soon as possible and otherwise pay the price of the rest of his life.
	He was told by the doctor to lose weight or pay the price for the later stages of his life as soon as possible.
	This doctor told him to lose weight or to pay him the price of his life at an advanced stage of his life as soon as possible.
	The doctor asked him to lose weight as soon as possible or pay for him in the later stages of his life.
	The doctor called him to lose weight or pay for him later in his life as soon as possible.
	The doctor told him to cut weight as quickly as possible or to pay the price he needed at a later stage of his life.
	He was told by the physician to lose weight as soon as possible, or to pay for him the price of the later part of his life.
	The doctor called him for a reduction in weight or the payment of the costs incurred by him at a late stage of his life as soon as possible.
	The physician told him to lose weight or pay for him as quickly as possible for the latter part of his life.
	The doctor called on him to lose weight as quickly as possible and to pay the costs incurred in the later stages of his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight as soon as possible or pay the price for him for the later part of his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight as soon as possible, or pay the price for the later part of his life.
	He was told by the doctor that he was losing weight as soon as possible, or that it was costly to pay for the later part of his life.
	The doctor informed him about the loss of weight as soon as possible or of the cost of a later part of his life.
	The doctor told him he would lose weight as soon as possible or pay for the later part of his life.
	He had been informed by his doctor to lose weight as soon as possible or pay the price for the later part of his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight as fast as possible or to pay the price of the later part of his life.
	The doctor told him to lose weight as soon as possible or to pay for the later part of his life.
	The doctors told him either to lose weight rapidly or pay for the later part of his life.
	Doctors had told him to lose weight quickly or pay for a later part of his life.
	He was told by the doctor to lose weight as soon as possible, or pay for the latter part of his life.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Jet lag causes problems with our biological clock.
Top 100 Translations
	The slowness of the jets raises the problem of our biological clocks.
	Our biological clocks cause problems from the slowness of the jets.
	A slow jet is causing us biological clock problems.
	Slow jets raise issues with our biological clocks.
	Slowness in jet jets caused problems with biological clocks.
	The slowness of the jets has caused a problem with our living clocks.
	We get a problem with the biological clock as a result of jet slowness.
	The jet delays raised a problem with our biological clocks.
	We have a problem with the bio clocks when the jets slow down.
	Slowness of jets causes problems with our biological clocks.
	The late delivery of the jet would have caused a problem with our bio-alarm alarm.
	The late delivery of jets could cause a problem with our biological alarm clocks.
	A little late jet would be causing us a problem with biological alarm bells.
	This late jet would cause problems for our bi-biological bells.
	We can get a problem with our biological alarms because of the jet's late arrival.
	Late jets may cause trouble to our bio-alarm clocks.
	We have to get rid of the jet's delay, which is gonna cause problems for our biological alarms.
	It causes problems to our bio-alarm alarm when the jet gets late.
	The late arrival of jets can cause problems for our biological alarms.
	The late formulation of the jets is a problem for our biological alarm clocks.
	Time difference may cause problems in biological bells.
	The difference in time has caused problems with the biological bells.
	A time difference could cause problems with biological bells.
	Time differentials can cause trouble for a bio-blocking bell.
	The time lag is a problem with biological bells.
	Time differentials are a problem for biological bells.
	The time difference can be a problem with biological clocks.
	This time difference can create problems with living bells.
	Time lags can cause problems with biological clocks.
	Time differentials cause problems with biological bells.
	This slow jet lag could cause problems with our biological bells.
	We're talking a problem with jet lags in our biology bells.
	We've got to slow down the jets and cause problems with our biological bells.
	The slowness of jets will create problems with biological bells.
	A slow jet lag can cause problems with our biological bells.
	Slowing up of jets will cause problems for our biological bells.
	It's going to cause problems with our biological bells.
	The slowness of jets can cause the problem with our biology bells.
	We'll be having the biological clock if our jet slows down.
	The jet lag will cause problems with our biological bells.
	The time lag in the aircraft raises the issue of our biological clocks.
	The time lag in the jet raises our biological clock problem.
	The time lag in the plane has caused us a biological clock problem.
	Time lag in aircraft gives us the problem of living clocks.
	The delays in the planes are causing problems for our biological clocks.
	The time lag caused us biological clock problems.
	The jets time delay has raised our biological clock problem.
	The time lag on the aircraft has raised the issue of our biological clocks.
	The jet time lag has caused us problems with biological clocks.
	The time lags in the plane give rise to the biological clock problem.
	Time lags have caused us a biological clock problem.
	Time lag's creating a problem for our creatures' bells.
	The timing lags have caused our biological clock problems.
	It's a matter of time difference that gives rise to the problem of our biological bells.
	It's about time lags, which cause questions about our biological clocks.
	The clock difference raises the issue of our living bells.
	Time lag's causing problems with our biological clocks.
	The clock lags raise the issue of our biocelebratory bells.
	This time difference has created a problem for our biological bells.
	The time difference has caused questions for our biological bells.
	We don't know if the jets will have a problem with our bikini bells if we're late.
	The slowness of the jets poses questions for our biological bells.
	Late jets may be causing problems for our physiological bells.
	We can't take any more of that. It'll bring problems to our biological bells.
	Late jets will cause troubles to our biological bells.
	The late start of the jets will cause problems with our biological bells.
	It'd be a problem for our biological clock when the jets are too late.
	We'll have problems with our biological clock as a result of the delayed arrival of the jet.
	We're in trouble with our life bell when the jet arrives late.
	Late jets could pose a problem for our biological bells.
	The plane's jet lags can create a problem for our biographic bells.
	The slowness of the jet causes us problems with the biological bells.
	The time lag of the plane will give us the biological clocks a little bit of a problem.
	Time lags on the plane create problems for our biological bells.
	The slowness of the airplane could create problems with our biological bells.
	The time delay on the plane will create problems with our bikini bells.
	Time lag in our plane could cause a problem for our biological bells.
	The time lag in the aircraft causes problems with biological bells.
	A time lag in a plane would cause a problem with a biological bell.
	We're running short of time and it can cause problems with our biological bells.
	The jet time differential is causing problems for our biological bells.
	Jet hour differentials cause problems for our biological bells.
	The jet hour differentials are creating problems in our biology bells.
	We're having a problem with our biological clock caused by jet time differentials.
	The jet hour lag has created problems with our biology bells.
	The jet time differential creates problems for our biological bells.
	And this jet time lag creates problems for our bipolar bells.
	The jet time lag created problems for our biological bells.
	The jet hour differentials caused problems to our biological bells.
	The jet time difference is causing us problems with biological bells.
	The delay of the locomotive gives rise to problems with the biological clock.
	The travel time of a motorcycle can be the result of biological clock problems.
	The time lag of a motorcycle will cause problems with a biological clock.
	- It's not like you're gonna be able to have an biological clock, and you're gonna have to wait a little longer.
	The time lag of locomotives creates problems of biological clocks.
	The time lag in the locomotive gives rise to the problem of biological clocks.
	The delay of a locomotive can create a problem for biological clocks.
	The delay in time for the locomotive is causing the problems of biological clocks.
	There's a time delay here in the truck that would make the biological clock a problem.
	A locomotive is causing a biological clock problem.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: This species of seagull is not a resident of the island, but will sometimes rest here a while.
Top 100 Translations
	The gull, which wasn't a resident of the island, was sometimes staying here for a while.
	The gull was not a resident of that island, but it'd be here for a while.
	The gulls are not people of this island but sometimes they stay here for a while.
	The seagull was not a inhabitants of the island, but sometimes it stayed here for a while.
	The gulls are not inhabitants of the island, but sometimes, for a while, there are times we'd like to stay here.
	It is not a population, but sometimes it has to be here for a while.
	This seagull is not a native of the island, but it sometimes stays in here for a while.
	The gull is not a resident of this island, but will sometimes be there for a while.
	This gull is not an island resident, but it will stay here sometimes for a while.
	The gull is not a resident of the island, but sometimes it has to be in here for a while.
	The type of gulls is not the island's inhabitants but they sometimes sit there for a while.
	This species of gulls is not the people of that island, but there are times during which they sit in peace here for a while.
	This seagull is not a resident of the island, but is sometimes sittin' around here for a while.
	This gull class is not a resident of this island, but occasionally it sits in here for a while.
	This gull type is not an islander, but it sometimes sits in here for a while.
	This species is not the island's inhabitants, but it is sometimes sitting here for a while.
	The seagulls are not the island's inhabitants, but they sit there sometimes for a while.
	This seagull, which was not a population of the island, sometimes sat there for a while.
	The seagull is not a resident of the island, but it's sometimes a place to sit here for a while.
	Such kind of gulls are not the inhabitants of the island, but they occasionally sit in the air here for quite some time.
	These gulls were not on the island, but would sometimes stay here for a while.
	Such gulls, however, are not residents of the island, although they sometimes remain here for a while.
	The gull is not an islander, though sometimes there is a time at which it will stay here for a while.
	Such gulls are not inhabitants of the islands, although they occasionally stay here for a while.
	Such seagulls were not residents of the island, but they sometimes remained here for a while.
	The gulls are not residents of the island, but sometimes they stay here for a while.
	These gulls are not inhabitants of the island, but they sometimes stay here for a while.
	The seagulls are not island dwellers but will sometimes stay here for a while.
	Such sea gulls are not resident on the islands, but are sometimes staying here for a while.
	Such seagulls were not inhabitants of the island but would stay here sometimes for a period of time.
	The seagull of this category does not exist on the islands, but is sometimes rested here for a certain period of time.
	That seagull is not a resident of the island but is sometimes rested there for a certain period of time.
	The sea gulls in this category, which do not reside on the island, sometimes rest here for a certain period of time.
	The type of gull is not resident on the island; however, it occasionally rested here for a certain period of time.
	This type of gull does not live on the islands, but it can sometimes rest in there for a period of time.
	This category of seagulls does not live on an island, but at times rests and rests here for a certain period of time.
	The gulls in this category do not live on the island but are sometimes rested and rested in it for a certain period of time.
	It is not a gull of this type that lives on an island, although sometimes it is rested or rested there for a certain period of time.
	The gull of this kind does not live on the island, but it is sometimes rested here for a certain period of time.
	This type of seagull is not located on an island but sometimes rested there for a certain period of time.
	This type of gulls are not the inhabitants of the island, but they sometimes also spend a little time on the island.
	Such gulls are not inhabitants of the island, but they also sometimes remain on the island for a limited period of time.
	This gull class was not resident on the island but sometimes remained on the island for a certain period of time.
	The seagull category is not the island's inhabitants, but is sometimes left for a limited period of time.
	The seagull species are not the inhabitants of the island, but they sometimes remain on the island for a certain period of time.
	This seagull species is not resident in the island, but will at times remain for a certain period of time.
	These seagull species were not resident on the island, but sometimes also remained there for some time.
	Such gull types are not inhabitants of the island, but may also stay on it for a certain period of time.
	This gull type is not residents of the island, but it sometimes also stays on the island for a limited period of time.
	This type of seagull does not belong to the population of the island but sometimes remains on the island for a limited period of time.
	These gulls were not residents of the islands, and sometimes they rested here for a while, but they were not permanent residents of the islands.
	These seagulls are not resident on the island and are occasionally rested in the island for some time but they are not permanent residents of the island.
	Those seagulls were not islanders and were sometimes taken a break from them for a period of time, although they were not island residents in perpetuity.
	The gulls are not inhabitants of the island and sometimes they rest here for some time, but they are not permanent residents of the island.
	These gulls are not inhabitants of the island and are sometimes subject to a rest here, but are not habitual inhabitants of the island.
	These gulls were not islanders, sometimes resting here for a time, but not permanent residents of the island.
	These gulls are not islanders and sometimes rest for some time here, but they are not permanent residents of the island.
	The gulls were not residents of the island and sometimes there were rest periods, although they were not residents inhabitants of the island.
	These gulls are not on the island, they sometimes rest here for a while, but they are not permanent residents of the island.
	The gulls were not residents of the island and they sometimes rested here for a certain time, but they were not permanent inhabitants of the island.
	The gulls of this kind are not inhabitants of the islands but are sometimes rested there for a certain period of time.
	This class of seagulls, which is not resident on the island, occasionally rests for a period of time.
	This class of gulls is not on the island's residents, but is sometimes rested and rested in that category for a certain period of time.
	The seagulls of this category are not the islanders but are at times rested here for a period of time.
	This category of gulls, which is not islanders, is sometimes maintained in this area for a certain period of time.
	The gulls of this kind, although not resident in the Islands, sometimes remain here for a certain period of time.
	This type of seagull is not a resident, but it may sometimes be rested and maintained here for a certain period of time.
	The gulls of this kind are not inhabitants of the island but they sometimes rest and rest here for a certain period of time.
	These types of gulls are not island inhabitants but sometimes rest and heal here for a certain period of time.
	This category of gulls is not the island's population, but may sometimes be rested or rested at the island level for a period of time.
	This variety of gulls, which are not on the island, occasionally takes a break within the islands for a limited period of time.
	These seagulls are not residents of this island, but are sometimes rested there for a while.
	The gulls are not resident on the island, although they sometimes rest for some time on the island.
	These gulls are not island dwellers, but sometimes they have resting time on the islands for certain periods of time.
	While those gulls are not inhabitants of the island, they are occasionally taken off for a short period of time on the island.
	This swarm of gulls does not belong on the island but sometimes take a rest in the island for a short period of time.
	The gulls are not inhabitants but may sometimes take breaks in the Islands for a short period of time.
	These gulls were not island residents, but sometimes rest for a while on the island.
	These kinds of gulls are not inhabitants of the islands but sometimes they rest for a short period of time on the islands.
	These gulls were not residents of the island, but sometimes rested for some time on the island.
	This type of gull doesn't reside on the island, but, sometimes, it stays up here for a while.
	This kind of gull does not live on an island, but sometimes they do not sleep here for a while.
	This type of gull doesn't live on the island, but sometimes there's a hibernate here for a while.
	The kind of seagulls that don't live on the island, but sometimes they stay here for a while.
	The gulls of this type don't reside on the island, but sometimes they do lie here for a while.
	This kind of gull doesn't live on the island, but sometimes they're sleepy here for a while.
	This kind of gull does not live on an island but it sometimes sits here for a while.
	These seagulls do not live on the island, but sometimes, they sleep there for a while.
	The gulls in this class don't live on the island, but they also sit down here sometimes for a while.
	The kind of gulls don't live in the island but sometimes they'll be dormant here for a while.
	This class of gulls, which is not a population of the Island, sometimes spends a little longer rest here.
	The seagulls of this species are not inhabitants of the Islands, and sometimes they take extra rest here for a while.
	And this seagull isn't an islander, but sometimes we've got some rest here for a while.
	And this gull is not the one on the island, but sometimes there's more time to rest here.
	These gull species are not island residents but sometimes they take a rest here for a while.
	The seagulls are not residents of the island, but sometimes they rest here for some longer time.
	And this type of gull is not a resident of the island, but sometimes it has a rest here a little longer.
	So this seagull isn't an islander, but sometimes there's a time to lay off here for a while.
	These gulls aren't islanders, but sometimes they'll rest here a little longer.
	This is a gull that is not a resident of the island but that sometimes takes a rest here for a while.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Doesn't it strike you as strange that it's the middle of May and it's snowing?
Top 100 Translations
	Isn't it weird you got snowed in mid-May? Isn't it weird?
	Aren't you surprised that it snowed by mid-May? Strange, isn't it?
	Isn't it weird that the snow has been snowing in mid-May? It's weird, isn't it?
	Don't you think it's strange that the snow went to snow in mid-May, isn't it?
	Isn't it strange you're going snowing in mid-May? It's weird, isn't it?
	Isn't it strange the snow was snowing in mid-May? Isn't it weird?
	Aren't you surprised that the snow falls in mid-May? Isn't it strange?
	Isn't it strange you're in the mid-May snowing? Isn't it strange?
	Isn't it strange that the snow is falling in the middle of May? Is it odd that it has gone out in mid-May?
	Isn't it weird you are snowing in mid-May? lsn't it strange that it's snowing in mid-May?
	Don't you wonder? It's mid-May, is it snowing?
	You're not surprised, it's mid-May, is it snowing?
	Aren't you surprised, it's mid-May, is it snowing?
	You don't think that's weird? It's mid-May! Is it snowing?
	Don't you think it's weird it's middle of May, isn't it snowing?
	Isn't this weird to you? This is mid-May. Was it snowing?
	Don't you think it's a bit strange that it's mid-May. Was it snowing?
	You don't think it's a bit strange it's mid-May. Is it snowing?
	Don't you think it's kind of a surprise? It's mid-May, is it snowing?
	Don't you think it's strange that it's mid-May. Isn't it snowing?
	Don't it seem strange to have snowed right now in mid-May?
	Doesn't it seem odd that there is snow in the middle of May, isn't it?
	Don't it seem strange now that it snows in mid-May?
	Doesn't it seem strange when it comes to snowing in mid-May?
	Doesn't that surprise you if it's snowing in mid-May?
	Don't it feel so strange to have snow in mid-May, isn't it?
	Doesn't it feel weird when it snows down in the middle of May?
	It's a snowfall in mid-May, isn't it weird, isn't it?
	Does it seem weird that the snow in mid-May is going down, don't it?
	Does not it seem strange to you that there's snow in mid-May?
	Doesn't it feel weird when it snows in mid-May?
	Doesn't it surprise you that the snow was snowing in mid-May?
	Don't you think it'll be strange if it starts snowing in mid-May?
	Don't you find that strange when it snows in mid-May?
	Isn't it strange that there'll be snow in mid-May?
	Doesn't that surprise you when it snows in mid-May?
	Isn't it strange for you to be snowing in mid-May?
	Doesn't it feel strange to have a snowfall in mid-May?
	Doesn't it surprise you when it snows in mid-May?
	Don't you find it odd when it snowed in mid-May?
	You didn't find it odd when it snowed in the middle of May?
	Don't you find it strange how it snowed in mid-May?
	Don't you feel odd that the snow is snowing in the middle of May?
	Doesn't it feel so weird that it snows to you in mid-May?
	You don't find it very strange that it's snowing in the middle of May?
	Don't you think it's weird that there's a snow in the middle of May?
	Don't you think it's strange for snow to snow in mid-May?
	You don't think it's strange that it snowed mid-May?
	It's snowing in the middle of May. Doesn't it seem strange to you?
	Don't you find that strange in the snow that's going on in the middle of May?
	Isn't it just a little odd that there was snow in May? It is weird, isn't it?
	Wouldn't it be weird for you when it snows in the middle of May? Is that weird for you?
	Wouldn't it be weird if it had been snowing in the middle of May?
	Aren't you surprised it's snowing in May? That's strange, isn't it?
	Aren't you surprised it snowed by the middle of May? Isn't it just a strange thing, isn't it?
	Isn't it weird that it snowed in May? Isn't it weird that it's going to snow in the middle of May?
	Don't you wonder if it snowed in the middle of May? That's what's weird.
	Isn't it strange that snow snows fall mid-May? That's so strange, isn't it?
	Don't you wonder if there is snowing in May? That's what it's all about, isn't it?
	Don't you think it's strange the snow is going to snow in May? That's just weird, isn't it?
	Isn't it strange that it snowed at the middle of May?
	It's not surprising that snow falls in the middle of May, and that's not surprising, is it?
	Isn't it strange that the snow is snowing in the middle of May?
	Doesn't it seem strange that the snow will snow in the middle of May?
	Doesn't it surprise you that the snow snow is snowing right in the middle of May?
	Isn't it surprising that it snows in the middle of May?
	Wouldn't that surprise us if there was a snowfall in the middle of May?
	Wouldn't that be odd when the snow falls in the middle of May?
	Isn't it strange that it'll snow in the middle of May?
	Is not it surprising that snow is going to snow right in the middle of May?
	Isn't it odd to have snowfall in the middle of May?
	Isn't it weird the snow is snowing here in the middle of May?
	Don't it surprise you that the snow is snowing in the middle of May?
	Doesn't it feel strange to have snow now in the middle of May?
	Does not it seem strange to me that it is snowing today in the middle of May?
	Don't it surprise you that it snowed at the middle of May?
	Isn't it strange it snowed in the middle of the month of May?
	Doesn't it feel weird that it snows in the middle of May?
	Isn't it strange that the snow has fallen in the middle of May?
	Don't you think it's surprising what snow is like now at mid-May?
	Don't you think it would be weird if it was snowing by mid-May?
	It's weird to snow in May, don't you think?
	You don't think it was weird when the snow snow hit midMay, huh? No, it didn't.
	Doesn't it seem strange that snow hit you in the middle of May?
	Doesn't it feel strange when the snow snow comes in the middle of May?
	Don't you think it's pretty weird when the snow is coming out of the middle of May?
	You don't think the snow is so strange in the middle of May?
	Don't you think it is strange that the snow falls in the middle of May?
	Doesn't it feel weird that there's a snowfall in May, don't you think?
	Isn't that weird for you to get snow in the middle of May?
	Don't you feel weird when it snows in mid-May?
	Don't you think it's so strange that it snows during the snow in mid-May?
	Doesn't it seem odd to you that it snows when the snow comes in mid-May?
	Isn't that weird that it's snowing on the snow in mid-May?
	Don't you think it's strange... that it snows in the snow in mid-May?
	Isn't that a strange thing? You're having a snowy day in the middle of the month, aren't you?
	Doesn't it seem odd to you that it is snowing when it snows in mid-May?
	Isn't it strange that there's a snow snowing in mid-May?
	Doesn't it seem weird that there's a snowfall in mid-May?
	Don't you think that's so weird when it snows in mid-May?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I didn't stay behind because I wanted to, I did so because it was my duty.
Top 100 Translations
	I didn't stay here because I wanted to be here... because I'm doing this because that's my job.
	And I'm not staying because of what I wanted because I was staying because I'm doing this because that's my job.
	I didn't stay because I wanted to stay because I stayed because I was doing this because that's my job.
	I didn't want to stay, because I was supposed to, because I did it because it's my job.
	I didn't stay because I wanted to, because I kept it because I did it because it was my job.
	It's not my intention to stay because I want to stay... because I'm doing it because that's my job.
	- I'm not staying here because I've got to stay because I'm doing it because that's my job.
	I didn't want to stay because I'm staying, but I was doing that because I'm doing that because that's my job.
	I didn't want to stay, because I'm gonna stay, because I was doing it because that's my job.
	I didn't leave it because I wanted it, because I'm staying, and I'm doing it because that's my job.
	I'm not staying for what I wanted, and I'm doing this because it's my job.
	And I'm not gonna stay for my own good, because I did it because that's my job.
	I didn't leave because I wished to, but I did because I had a job to do.
	And I did not stay because I wanted to, and I did because that's my job.
	I didn't stay because I wanted, I did that because that's my job.
	I didn't stay because I was willing, and I did this because it's my job.
	I didn't leave because I wanted, and I'm doing it because it's my job.
	I'm not staying because I like to, and I'm doing it because it's my job.
	I don't stay because I want to, I do because that's my job.
	I don't stay because I will, I'm doing it because it's my job.
	I didn't stay because I wanted to, because I did, because I did, because it was my job.
	It's not just me that I want to stay here because I do it because that's my job.
	I'm not staying here because I want to stay because I'm doing it because I do it because that's my job.
	I don't have to leave because I wanted to. I did because I did. Because it's my duty.
	I'm not staying because I wanted to stay... 'cause I did, because that's my job.
	It's not my intention to stay because I do because that's what I do because that's my job.
	I'm not staying 'cause I want to. I'm doing it 'cause I'm the only person who's gonna be here because that's my job.
	I'm not staying here because I want to stay. Because I'm doing it because it's my job.
	I ain't staying' 'cause I want to stay 'cause I do 'cause that's my job.
	It's not for wanting to stay, because I do because I do it, because it's my job.
	Oh my God it is. I've because it is my duty.
	Oh my God it. I've stayed because it is my duty.
	- Oh, my god it is, I've because it is my duty.
	Well, I wasn't staying because I wanted to be there, because it is my duty.
	- Well, if I had, I'd have to be, because it is my duty.
	I've been left here not to think that I've left it because it is my duty.
	Oh, my god it, I've stayed because it is my duty.
	Oh, my God it's. I'm not gonna stay because it is my duty.
	Oh, my god it... I've because it is my duty.
	I don't live here for wanting to, I've stayed because it is my duty.
	I did not stay here because I want to, because that's where I'm supposed to be.
	And I don't stay here because I want, because that's my job.
	The reason I'm still here isn't because I wanted to, because that's my job.
	The reason that I stayed is not because I wanted it, but because that's my job.
	I don't keep this thing because I want it to, because that's my job.
	The reason that I'm staying here is not because I want to, but because that's my job.
	I didn't stay out of this because I wanted, 'cause that's where I'm supposed to be.
	The reason that I stayed here wasn't because I wanted to be, 'cause that's my job.
	I didn't stay here because I wanted, because that's my job.
	I don't stay here because I want to, because that's my job.
	I didn't stay because I don't want to, I did, because that's my responsibility.
	I didn't leave 'cause I didn't want to stay and I did, because this is what I'm responsible for.
	I didn't leave 'cause I didn't want to, I did, because that's my responsibility.
	And I don't stay 'cause I don't want to stay, because that's what I'm responsible for.
	I'm not staying because I don't want to, I do, because that's my responsibility.
	I didn't leave because I don't want to stay, I did, because that's my responsibility.
	I didn't stay because I wouldn't want to stay and I do it, because that's my responsibility.
	I don't keep it because I didn't want to, and I did, because it's my responsibility.
	I don't keep it because I don't want to stay, and I do, because that's my responsibility.
	I didn't want to be left here because I didn't want to be left doing that, because that's my responsibility.
	It's not my fault I'm behind you, because I think I'm doing this because it's my job.
	I didn't just stay behind because I thought that I was doing this because it was my job.
	I'm not gonna stay behind 'cause I don't think I'm doing this because that's my job.
	It's not my responsibility to do this to me, but I didn't stay back because I thought it was my job to do it.
	I don't stay behind because I think I'm doing it because this is my job.
	I'm not staying back because I thought, I'm doing this because it's my job.
	I didn't stay back because I thought I was doing this because it was my job.
	I ain't left back because I thought I was doin' it 'cause it's my job.
	I didn't stay back 'cause I thought I did it 'cause it was my job.
	Well, the reason I stayed behind is because I think I'm doing this because it's my job.
	I don't stay here just because I'm staying home. I do, because that's my responsibility.
	- I didn't do it because I wanted to. - I did it 'cause that's where it belongs, and that's what I was supposed to do.
	I didn't stay here because I wanted to. I did it because it's my job.
	I didn't stay for my own sake because I wanted to remain here. I did this because that's my responsibility.
	- I didn't leave it because I wanted to stay at home. - I did, because it was my responsibility.
	I don't have to stay here just to stay. I do, because it's my responsibility.
	But I didn't just leave it, because I wanted to stay at home, because I did, because it's my job.
	It's not for being at home I'm doing this because that's what I'm responsible for.
	I don't leave this here because I wanna stay at home, but I'm doing it because I have a job to do.
	It's not because I want to be home. It's what I do. Because that's my responsibility.
	I ain't gonna stay back because I want it, and I'm doin' it, 'cause that's my job.
	I'm not staying behind because of what I want, and I'm doing that because that's my job.
	I'm not going after you for what I want, and I do it because that's my job.
	I don't stay behind 'cause I want to, I do 'cause I do 'cause that's my job.
	I didn't want to stay in the back because I wanted, I did it because that's my job.
	I don't stay back because I want to, I'm doing this because that's my job.
	I don't just stay back because I want that, and I do because that's my job.
	And I didn't just leave it out there because I wanted to, because I had to do it because that's my job.
	I didn't stay behind 'cause I wanted to, and I did, 'cause that's my job.
	And I'm not staying behind because I want to, I'm doing this, because it's my job.
	I don't stay stay for I wanted to, I did do it because it was my duty.
	- I don't stay stay for me wanted to, I did do it because it was my duty.
	I don't stay stay for I wanted to, I did do it because it was my duty.
	I don't stay stay for me wanted to, I did do it because it was my duty.
	I don't stay. It's my duty to stay for I wanted to, I did do it because it was my duty.
	-I don't stay while for I wanted to, I did do it because it was my duty.
	- I don't stay because I wanted to, I did do it because it was my duty.
	- I don't stay staying for I wanted to, I did do it because it was my duty.
	I don't stay stay for me wanted to, I did do it because it was my duty.
	I don't keep stay for I wanted to, I did it because it was my duty.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: What angered me wasn't his resignation but the manner in which he did it.
Top 100 Translations
	And what made me so upset was that he resigned, but the way he did it.
	And the thing that bothers me is he's quitting, and he's just doing things that he's doing.
	The problem was he quits, but he's the way he does it.
	I'm upset about what he's doing. He's quit. That's the way he's doing it.
	And I'm upset that he just quit, and that's the way he does it.
	It's the resignation that's making me angry. It's the way he does it.
	What bothers me is his resignation, but the way he does it.
	He's the reason I'm not happy. He quit, and he does it the way he does it.
	And what made me upset is that he quit his job, but that's the way he did it.
	I am not happy with him, he resigns and the way he does it.
	The thing I hate about his resignation isn't what he's done. It's what he did.
	His resignation wasn't the one that annoys me, but what he did.
	I'm most angry at him, not for his resignation, but for what he did.
	And what angered me the most is not his resignation, it's the way he did it.
	The most angry thing to me is that he didn't resign, it was what he did.
	The thing that makes me angry is not his resignation, it's all about what he did.
	And the most irritating thing to me was not the resignation, but the things he did.
	And the thing that really pissed me off about that wasn't his resignation, but what he did.
	The one thing that pissed me off is not his resignation, but the way he did it.
	The thing that made me angry about him wasn't his resignation, but what he did.
	I wasn't mad at his resignation, I didn't do what he did.
	The thing that bothered me wasn't his resignation, but what he did.
	I don't get annoyed by his resignation. It's just the way he does what he's done.
	It's not his resignation that pisses me off, it's that he did the things he's done.
	I'm not angry about his resignation, I am not about what he's doing, but what he's doing.
	I'm not pissing him off about his resignation, but about what he did.
	He didn't get into trouble with me, he didn't quit. He did what he did.
	The fact that I wasn't upset by his resignation, was not his act, but the fact that he did it.
	The reason why I'm upset about this is not about his resignation, but about what he did.
	I don't mind him being upset with my resignation, but with what he's done.
	It doesn't bother me with his resignation, it's about the way he's doing it.
	What makes me so unhappy is not the way he quit his job, but the way that he's doing it.
	It doesn't make me upset. It's not the way that he quits, but the way he's doing it.
	It wasn't his resignation that made me unhappy but the way he did it.
	It's not his resignation that upset me. It's how he did it, but the way he did it.
	I'm not surprised by his resignation but by the way he did it.
	I'm not upset with the way he's doing what he's doing, but it's how he's doing it.
	What made me upset was not his resignation, but the way he did it.
	It's not his resignation that makes me uneasy, but the way he did it.
	I don't want to get upset, it isn't his resignations, it's the way he does it.
	It's nothing he's doing to piss off me, it's not what he did, it's what he did.
	He didn't quit, he did something, he didn't piss me off.
	I'm not angry at him for quitting his job, I'm mad at what he did.
	I wasn't angry with him. He didn't quit but what he did.
	It wasn't him who got mad at me, it wasn't me who quit, but what he did.
	I didn't do anything to get angry with him when he quit. I mean, he did nothing to piss me off.
	It was not that he quit his job to piss me off, but that was the way he did it.
	He's not the one that's bothering me with his resignation, but he's the one that's done it.
	The reason I'm pissed is not that he quit his job, but the way he did it.
	The reason I'm pissed at him is not that he quit his job, he's done what he's done.
	What made me angry wasn't what he did, that he resigned, but what he did.
	The thing that pisses me off, it's not his resignation, it's the way he does it.
	Something that makes me angry, not about his resignation, but about what he did.
	It wasn't his resignation to make me angry. It was what he did.
	What's making me angry about is not what he resigned from, but what he did.
	I'm mad at him. He didn't quit, it was what he did.
	It wasn't him who left his job, it wasn't him, it was what he did.
	I was mad at him. Not what he did, but what he did.
	What angered me was not what he did after he quit his job, but what he did.
	What I am angry about isn't the fact he quit but the way he's done it.
	I am angry about his resignations not of his resignations, but the way he does it.
	I'm angry at him for resigning, not his resignation, but the way he's doing it.
	And I was so angry about how he quit, not with his resignation, but with the way he was doing it.
	And I got mad at him for quitting not for his resignation, but the way he's doing it.
	And it angered me that he resigned, not that he resigned, but that he did it in the way in which he did it.
	And I was angry about the way he was doing that, and it wasn't his resignation, but the way he was doing it.
	I'm angry about his resignation. Not about his resignation, but about how he's doing it.
	I was outraged by his resignation. Not his resignation, but his way of doing it.
	It's his resignation to get me mad, it's not his resignation to get him to do it the way he does it.
	What made me mad was his resignation, not that he quit, but that he did it the way he did it.
	He doesn't quit to piss me off, but that's the way he does it.
	It's not his resignation that pisses me off but his way of doing it.
	It was not his resignation but the way he did it, which he didn't want to piss me off.
	He's not the one who pissed me off. It's the way he's going to do it.
	It's not his resignation that pisses me off, it's his way of doing it.
	I didn't take him for an insult. It was his way of doing it, but his way of doing it.
	He's not getting me mad. He's not quitting, it's the way he's doing it.
	I'm not pissed off about that. It's all about how he does it, but it's the way he does it.
	It wasn't his resignation that pissed off at me, it was the way he did it.
	I'm not pissing him off, the way he's doing it.
	I don't want to be angry with him because he resigns. It's what he does.
	He didn't quit to make me angry, but what he did.
	It's not the resignation that got me mad, it's what he did.
	It's not his resignation that angers me, but his doing what he's doing.
	It was not his resignation, it was the acts he did, it was his behavior that he was mad at me.
	What's bothering me is not the fact that he quits, he's the way he does it.
	It wasn't his resignation that pissed me off, it wasn't what he did.
	It wasn't his resignation that made me angry, it was what he did.
	It wasn't his resignation that provoked me, it wasn't what he'd done, it was what he did.
	It was not his resignation but what he did that he did that he wasn't going to piss me off.
	The thing I'm most angry at is not the way his resignation was the way he did it.
	I am not angry about the way he's done it, it's not with his resignation, it's with the way he's doing it.
	And it's not his resignation that makes me so angry, but the way he's doing it-- it's the way he does it.
	I'm not the most angry with him. Not the way he did it, but the way he did it.
	It wasn't his resignation, it was the way he did it.
	I was pissed that he didn't give it up, that he was doing it the way he was doing it.
	What upsets me most is not the way he resigned, but the way he did it.
	The only thing I'm really mad at is not at his resignation, but at the way that he's doing it.
	What i'm really annoyed by is not his resignation, it's the way he does it.
	The thing I'm most mad at about is not his resignation, but the way he's going to do it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: If you can't make out what's written, change the zoom level and it'll become clearer.
Top 100 Translations
	If we can't read what is written and change the height of the zoom, it will become clearer.
	When you cannot read what you write, and you change your heights, it becomes clearer.
	If you don't get a look at what you write, you change your height and you make it clearer.
	It becomes clearer when you cannot read what's written, if it changes the heights of your scalding.
	And if you can't get to what you write, and you change the scaling height, it becomes clearer.
	When you fail to see what's written, a change in the height of the size changes, it becomes clearer.
	It becomes clearer if it's not clear what's written and if it changes the height of the scalding.
	If you don't read the writing, you change the scalable altitude, it becomes clearer.
	If you fail to read what you write, change your height, and it becomes clearer.
	If it doesn't get out of sight of the writing, changing the scaling height, it becomes clearer.
	If you can't read a book, and you change your scale level, that'll make it even clearer.
	If you don't see the writing, if you don't know what's written, the scale is changed, it gets clearer.
	If you can't see what's written, change your scale, it'll become clearer.
	And if you don't look well at what's written, if you change the level of scaling, it'll be clearer.
	And it'll become clearer if you can't get a better reading of what's written, and then you can't really read what's written.
	If you can't see the text of the book, change the scaling and then it'll become clearer.
	And when I don't see the text, change the scaling, and then I'll get a little clearer.
	If you're not sure about what's written, and change the scale level, it'll make it clearer.
	It's better if you can't see the content, and you can't move your zoom, and it becomes clearer.
	If you can't see the book in detail, change the degree of scaling and then it's even clearer.
	You don't understand what's written, you change the scale -- that'll make it even clearer.
	If you don't get a better idea about what you've written, you're going to switch the scale. And it'll be even clearer.
	And if you can't figure that out, change the zooming level, you'll be more clarity about what's written.
	If you don't get to know what has been written, just switch to the zoom, that'll make it even clearer.
	So if you don't get to know what you're saying, change the size, and it'll be clearer.
	And if you can't get to understand what has been written, change your size, and that'll make it even clearer.
	And it'll be clearer if you don't understand what you're writing, you're going to do a new scale, which will make it clearer.
	And if you don't understand what is written, change it to scale, that will make it clearer.
	If you can't get to know what you've written then you're changing the scale, and that'll make it clearer.
	If you can't find out what has been written, switch your scale, which will be even clearer.
	It makes it clearer when you don't understand what it says, then you move to a zoom level.
	If you don't know what it says, it'll be a lot clearer when you zoom in.
	If you can't figure out what you write, then you'll get better by moving to a zoom level.
	And if you don't understand what it says, then you'll need to zoom into an even clearer level.
	If you can't understand what you say, change it to scale, it's even clearer.
	You don't understand what's written and you're going to zoom into that level and you know it'll be clearer.
	And if you can't understand what you write, then you're going to have a different scalency, which will make it clearer.
	It's much clearer if you can't understand what you wrote, and if you try to do a different scaling level, it's even clearer.
	And if you can't understand what is written, then you're gonna need to resize, you're gonna get a little clearer.
	And it's even clearer if you can't get to the level of scaling, and what you're writing.
	If you don't know what to write, change your scaling level, it'll make it clearer.
	It's better if you can't figure out what to write, you can change the zoom level.
	You don't know what to write, but changing your scaling level will make it clearer.
	You know, if you don't really know what is written, change your scale level, that'll make it clearer.
	If you can't say what to write, changes in scale will make it clearer.
	If you don't know what to write, it'll be clearer if you change your zoom level.
	You can't change the scaling level if you're not sure what's written. You're gonna be a lot clearer.
	If you can't determine what the writings are, it'll be clearer to change the zoom level.
	If you're not able to tell what to write, you're gonna make it clearer by changing the zoom level.
	And if you can't figure out what is in writing, changing the scale level will make it even clearer.
	This will be made clearer if you are unable to understand the text's contents, or if you can change the scale level.
	This will become clearer if you cannot clarify what the text is about, change the zoom level.
	If you cannot understand the content of the text and change the scale level, this will become clearer.
	If you can't figure out what text contains, modify the zoom level, and it'll become clearer.
	If you do not find out the content of the text, modify the scaling scale level, this would make it clearer.
	If you cannot find out the contents of the text, change the zoom level, this will make it clearer.
	If you cannot figure out the content of the text, modify the scale level. This would make it clearer.
	It will be more clear if you can not understand the text, modify the zoom level.
	If you cannot understand the contents of text, or modify the zoom level, this will make it clearer.
	If you can not understand what the text is about, modify the scaling levels, and this will be made clearer.
	And if you're not able to identify what you're writing, to change the scaling layer, it's going to be clearer.
	If you can't find the written text, change the zoom layer, it'll become clearer.
	If you're not able to find written text, change the pitching layer, it'll be clearer.
	If you don't find the written content, or change the scaling layer, it will become clearer.
	And if you can't figure out what is in the writing, then you can change the zoom, which is going to make it clearer.
	And if you can't identify what's written, you can change the scaling layer, you'll be more clear about it.
	If you don't find anything in writing that changes the zoom layer, it'll become clearer.
	And if you don't be able to find what it says in writing, you can change the scaling layer, and it becomes clearer.
	And if you do not find the text in writing, and change the scaling layer, it will become clearer.
	And if you don't find what is written, change the zoom level, it'll be clearer.
	If you can't figure out how it's written, then it can change the scaling levels, and it'll get closer and clearer.
	If you don't get to understand what's written, change its scaling levels, and then it gets more and more clear.
	If you can't understand text, and change the scale level, it gets clearer and clearer.
	You can't figure out the content, and then you can change the scale, you can become more and more clear.
	If you don't understand the text, and you change the scaling level, it's becoming clearer and clearer.
	If you cannot understand what the text is, and you change your scaling level, it gets clearer and clearer.
	If you can't figure out the content of words, change the scale, and it'll get more and more clear.
	If you don't get the content of that text and change the scaling levels, the clearer it is, the clearer it becomes.
	If you don't figure out the content of the text, change the scaling levels, and it's gonna get more and more clear.
	If you can't figure out the contents of the text and change your scale, then it's become more and more clear.
	You will change the scale if you can't determine what it is, and it will be clearer.
	If you cannot find what is written, change the scope of the scaling, it will be clearer.
	If you cannot determine what is stated, change the scale scope, and it will be clearer.
	If you can't determine what is written, you can change the scope of the zoom, which will be clearer.
	If you cannot figure out what is written, you will change the scaling range, and it will be clearer.
	If you can't know what's written, change the size, it'll be clearer.
	If you cannot identify what is written, change the zooming range, it will be clearer.
	If you cannot find what is written, then you can change the scale range, and it will be clearer.
	If you can't figure out what's written, you can modify the zoom range, and it will be clearer.
	If you are not able to see what is written, then change the scale, it will be clearer.
	If you don't get the words written and the scaling levels resize, you'll get a lot clearer.
	And if you can't write it out, change your size level, it'll become clearer.
	And if you don't write it out, change your scale, it'll get clearer.
	If you couldn't write that word, change the scale levels, it'd be clearer.
	You'll be clearer if you don't write the letter, change the level of the zoom.
	If you don't write your word out and you change your scaling level, you're not gonna make it any clearer.
	You wouldn't be able to change the scaling level if you couldn't write it out, it would be clearer.
	And if you can't spell it out and change the scaling level, it'll make it even clearer.
	If you don't write a word out of it and you change your scale level, then you have to become more clear.
	You don't write words, change their scaling level, you'll understand a little bit better.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: There's a wide range of issues that we need to discuss as soon as possible.
Top 100 Translations
	There are a wide range of issues that we need to talk about soon, and we need to examine as quickly as possible; as soon as possible, we need to discuss more and as many of them as possible.
	We have a wide range of issues that have to be discussed very rapidly, and we need to look at them as soon as possible. The more soon we have to discuss, the more the more issues we need to be dealt with, the better.
	And we need to get to it as soon as possible, and we need to get it under review. As fast as we go, the more we need to talk, the more issues we need to talk about, the better.
	There are a broad range of issues that we need to discuss, which we must study as soon as possible; and the sooner we need to address, the more questions we need to discuss, the better.
	We have a range of issues that need to be discussed as soon as possible and that need to be studied as quickly as possible, the more questions we have to discuss, the better.
	There are a number of questions that we want to talk about soon, and that we need to look into as soon as possible and the more issues we need to talk about the sooner, the better.
	And there are a wide range of issues that we need to address as quickly as possible, as soon as we do, the more issues that we need to discuss, the better.
	There is a broad spectrum of issues that we will need to discuss soon and we need to consider as quickly as possible, and the sooner we need to discuss the more issues that we will need to discuss, the better.
	There are broad issues that we need to address as soon as possible, and we need to look into as soon as possible; as soon as we have to, the more we need to address, the better.
	There are broad issues that we need to discuss as quickly as possible and that we need to examine as quickly as possible; as soon as possible, the greater we need to discuss, the more issues that we need to discuss, the better.
	We need to have this conversation quick. There's an enormous deal to be said.
	We need to have a quick debate on this very broad-ranging question of how far we're going.
	We have to get to the question as quickly as we can, and the issue is very wide-ranging.
	We'll need to get into this as soon as possible. There's a lot to talk about.
	There's a huge problem we need to talk about as quickly as we can.
	The issues we need to discuss as soon as possible, are very broad and wide-ranging.
	The questions we need to start talking to are wide-ranging, and we need to go over them as quickly as we can.
	We need to get into this as soon as possible, it's an issue that can be very wide-ranging.
	We're going to have to discuss it quick, and there's a lot of things we need to do.
	The issues we need to discuss quickly and quickly are wide-ranging.
	We have so many problems we need to discuss the sooner the better we need to talk about it the faster we can talk about it.
	We got a lot of issues. We need to discuss as soon as we can, but we need to talk about as quickly as we can.
	There's plenty of questions. The sooner we need to discuss them, the better we need to talk about them as fast as we can.
	We have a whole lot of questions, and the sooner we're going to have to do it, the better we're going to have to do it as soon as possible.
	There are a lot of questions, and the sooner we need to talk about this, the better we can talk about this as soon as possible.
	We have many issues that we must discuss the sooner the better. The more we're going to talk about as soon as possible.
	There are a lot of questions, we need to discuss them as fast as we can and we need to discuss them as fast as we can.
	There's many questions, the sooner we need to talk about them, the better we want to talk about them, as soon as we can.
	There are so many questions and we need to talk as fast as we can. We're gonna discuss as fast as we can.
	There's lots of questions, and we have to discuss it as quickly as we can. We have to talk as fast as we can.
	We need to talk about this quickly. There's a whole lot of things that we have to talk about as quickly as possible.
	There's a lot of things we need to do as soon as possible. There are many issues we need to talk about as soon as possible.
	We need to discuss things as rapidly as possible. There are many questions that we need to discuss as quickly as possible.
	We need to discuss this as soon as possible, and there are many issues that we need to discuss as soon as possible.
	There's a lot of things that we need to talk about right now that we have to take up as soon as possible.
	We're gonna have to discuss it as soon as possible. There are a lot of questions that need us to discuss as soon as possible.
	We need the issues to be addressed as quickly as we can, and there are lots of issues that we need to discuss as quickly as possible.
	We're going to have a quick discussion here, and we have a lot of questions we need to discuss as soon as possible.
	We'll need to take up the issues soon. We're gonna need to take up some of them as soon as possible.
	We need to talk quickly about this. There's so many issues that we have to talk about as quickly as possible.
	The question is a lot. We'll need to discuss it as soon as possible.
	It's a huge question. We need to get right to it. We're gonna talk as soon as we can.
	It's a big problem. We need to talk about this as soon as possible.
	It's very broad. We need to talk it over as soon as possible.
	There's a huge problem, and we'll have to have it under discussion as soon as possible.
	It's a big question that we'll need to talk about as soon as possible.
	It's a very broad question. We'll have to discuss that as soon as possible.
	The issue is a big one. We'll need to start talking about it as soon as possible.
	That's a huge question. Let's get this over with as soon as we can.
	The problem is quite wide. We need to take this up as soon as possible.
	We need to discuss it fast, and there are a wide spectrum of things we need to talk about.
	The questions we're going to have to discuss very quickly are wide-ranging.
	The problem we'll need to take up quickly. The questions are wide-ranging.
	There is a big problem that needs to be dealt with as soon as possible.
	We need to get down to a very broad question as soon as we can.
	The problem is a lot to discuss as soon as possible.
	We have to talk quickly about the problem and it's very wide-ranging.
	There's a big deal we're gonna have to do as soon as we can.
	We need to have this conversation soon. That's a wide range of issues.
	We need to talk quickly, there's a lot to talk about.
	We've got many questions to discuss, and we're gonna try and get as fast as possible, as soon as possible, as well as possible, and as soon as possible.
	There are many questions, we have to go and talk about them the quicker the better, the better we ask, and the sooner we get, the easier we get.
	We need to get into it as fast as we can and as soon as you can ask us, and we need to get into it as fast as possible, as quickly as we can.
	We're gonna have to get to it fast, the sooner, the better, the quicker, the better, we'll get on with it, the sooner, the better.
	There's a lot of questions, and we've gotta get going as quickly as we can... as quickly as we can, as soon as we can.
	There's many questions, and we must go to it as quickly as possible, as quick as possible and as soon as possible, and we can get as fast as we can.
	There are many questions, we have to go down and talk as soon as we can, and the sooner, we ask as soon as we can.
	There are a lot of problems, and we have to talk as soon as possible, and the sooner you do, the better we do, the better we do.
	There's lots of questions we have to do as soon as we can-- as quickly as possible, and as soon as we ask, the sooner we can make it as quickly as we can.
	So there are many problems we need to discuss, as soon as possible and, as much as possible, we can ask them as soon as we can.
	There were a whole lot of questions that we had to discuss as soon as possible.
	There are many problems that we have to discuss as soon as possible.
	There's a full list of issues that we'll have to discuss as soon as possible.
	We got plenty of questions. We gotta discuss this as fast as we can.
	We've got a whole lot of questions, and we'll need to talk about it as soon as we can.
	There are a lot of questions that we need to discuss as soon as possible.
	There is a whole lot of questions and we need to get down to it as soon as possible.
	There's a bunch of things we need to discuss as soon as possible.
	There's a whole bunch of things that we've got to discuss. We have to talk about as soon as we can.
	There's so many problems we need to discuss with each other as soon as possible.
	We're gonna need to discuss a whole broad range of questions, the sooner the better.
	We'll have to discuss this a wide range of issues. The sooner the better.
	I need to discuss a whole wide range of issues. As soon as possible.
	We need to discuss a whole wide range of issues. The sooner the better.
	We need to talk about a whole range of issues, and the sooner the better.
	We're gonna have to discuss a range of issues as soon as possible.
	We've got to discuss a wide range of questions, and the sooner the better.
	We've got a whole series of issues we need to discuss as soon as possible.
	- We're gonna need to discuss the whole range of issues. - The sooner the better.
	We're going to need to go over a broad range of issues, quickly, as soon as possible.
	We just need to start talking about a wide range of issues, as soon as possible.
	There is a wide range of issues that we need to discuss as quickly as possible.
	We've got a very wide set of issues we need to get down to as fast as we can.
	There are a wide range of issues to discuss with us as soon as possible.
	We need to get into a very broad range of problems as soon as possible.
	We need to discuss a broad range of problems as quickly as possible.
	There is a very wide range of questions to be addressed as quickly as possible.
	There's a wide range of questions we have to discuss as soon as possible.
	We need to do it as soon as we can. We need to do a wide range of questions.
	We need to start talking about a very broad range of issues as soon as possible.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Despite being wounded in the battle, the solider fought on and was awarded a medal for bravery.
Top 100 Translations
	Despite the serious injuries inflicted during fighting, the stale people continued their fighting and received the medal for their courage.
	Despite serious injuries in the fighting, the steadys continued to fight and won medals for their courage.
	Despite the severity of the wounds inflicted on them, solids continue the fighting and have been awarded a medal for their courage.
	Although seriously wounded in the combat, solid-state persons continued the fight and earned a medal for their courage.
	Despite the severity of the injuries during the fight, the steady-looking continue to fight and obtain a medal for their courage.
	Despite their serious injuries, the solids continue their battles and have been awarded a Medal of Courage for their courage.
	Despite the seriousness of the wounds caused in the battle, those in a solid state continued the battle and were awarded a medal for their courage.
	Despite severe injuries in fighting, the solids continue fighting and have won a medal for their courage.
	Despite serious injuries in the fight, the firm-stater continued the fight and received a medal for his courage.
	In spite of serious injuries during the battle, the sturgeon continued the fight and won the medal for his courage.
	Despite being injured in the battlefield, solid troops still fight in combat, and are bestowed with a trophyrenic medal.
	Despite being wounded on the battlefield, solid armies are still fighting in action and have been rewarded with heroic medals.
	Despite being injured in the battlefield, the reinforcements are fighting, and are being awarded a Medal of gallantry.
	Despite the injuries in battlefields, the solid army still fighting in combat, and was awarded the Medal of gallantry.
	Despite the wounds inflicted on the battlefield, the solid army was still fighting in battle, and it was bestowed a medal of heroism.
	Despite their injuries in the battlefield, the solid troops fought in the battle and were honoured with a Medal of gallantry.
	Despite being injured in the battlefield, strong army was still fighting in battle and was awarded heroic medals.
	Despite their casualties in the battlefield, the solid army has continued to fight in battle and has been given a heroic Medal of Merit.
	In spite of being injured in the battle, the solid army is fighting in the battle, and was awarded a gallantly decorated medal.
	Despite the fact that he was injured in the battlefield, the reinforced forces were still fighting in the war, and was awarded a gallant medal of mayhem.
	Despite the severe wounds sustained during war, this uniting individual continues to fight and is entrusted with a champion's medal.
	Despite being seriously injured in the war, the uniting man continued fighting and was honoured with a Medal of Glory.
	Despite the severe injury inflicted in war, that unity continued to fight and was bestowed a knight's medal.
	Despite the severe injuries inflicted in the war, this one united continues the battle and is awarded the Brave Medal.
	In spite of the severe injuries caused by the war, that uniting man continued his combat and was awarded the Brave Man Medal.
	Despite the serious injuries sustained during the war, this united individual continued his fighting, and was presented with a champion's medal.
	Despite the severe injuries inflicted during the war, this unifying individual continued to fight and was granted the champion's medal.
	Despite the fact that he was seriously wounded in war, that uniting person continued to fight and was awarded a medal of honour in the case of warriors.
	Despite being seriously wounded in the war, that uniting man continued his battle and was awarded a Medal of Brave.
	This uniting person, who continued his fight and was awarded the medal for his warriors, has been seriously wounded in the war.
	Although the combat was injured, the soldier still fights and is awarded a champion's medal.
	The soldiers fought and won the warrior's medal in spite of the injuries from the fighting.
	Although wounded in fighting, the soldier was still fighting and was awarded a Warrior's Medal.
	Despite the injuries that were caused in the fighting, the soldier continued to fight and earned a champion's medal.
	Although the fighting wounded, the soldier was still fighting and was awarded the Knight's Medal.
	Although the fighting was injured, the soldier stood up and won the Brave Medal.
	Despite the injury sustained by the fighting, this soldier continued to fight and obtained a champion's medal.
	Despite the injuries caused in the fighting, the soldier was still on the fight and received the champion's medal.
	The soldier was injured during the fighting but was still in action and won the champion's medal.
	The soldier was still fighting and received a champion's medal despite the injuries sustained by the fighting.
	Although not severely wounded, the solids continued fighting, and won their heroic medals.
	Despite the fact that the battle has been relatively small, the strong continue to wage a fight and win the medal of heroism.
	Although not hurt, the Steaks are still fighting and are winning their heroic medals.
	Despite the modest injuries, the solidists continued their fighting and won their medals of triumphant reverence.
	Although not so bad in the fight, strong men continue to fight and win the Medal of Courage.
	Despite the low levels of injury, the solidists continue to fight and to win the medal of heroism.
	Despite the small number of casualties, the Soldiers continue their fight and win the Medal of Honor for their heroism.
	Though not seriously wounded, Surgeons continue to struggle and gain the Medal of Fortitude.
	Despite its minor wounds, the Sforce continues the battle and wins the Medal of Courage.
	Although the war didn't hurt much, the Skeeter continued to fight, winning the medal of heroism.
	Although wounded during the fight, solids continue to fight, are bestowed medals to demonstrate their determination to step forward.
	Despite injuries in the battle, the stale man continued to fight, was awarded medals to show that he was willing to step forward.
	Despite being wounded during the fighting, the sturdy continued to fight, being awarded a medal, to show his courage as he strove forward.
	Despite their injuries in battle, the solids continued the battle, and were granted a medal as an example to move forward.
	Despite the injury in battle, the hard-soldier continues to fight, be awarded medals to show courage and move forward.
	Despite injuries in battle, the SOLDIER continued to fight, bestowed a medal, as a sign of his resolve to move forward.
	Though injured in a battle, the solids continue their battle, bestowed the medals to be held up to show their astounding protagonism.
	Despite injury during the fighting, the solids continue to battle, being awarded a medal as an indication to move forward.
	Despite the casualties during the battle, the solids continue to fight and be rewarded with the medal to show the strength to step forward.
	Despite being wounded in a fight, the steady-staters continue to fight and be awarded medals as an example to move forward.
	Although wounded in the fighting, the warriors fought and were decorated with heroic medals.
	Despite the casualties during the fighting, the warriors were fighting and were awarded the Medal of gallantry.
	In spite of those injured in the war, warriors fight in it and are presented with medals of mayhem.
	Despite the wounds inflicted in the course of the fighting, the brave were fighting in the fight and was awarded a medal of heroism.
	Despite injuries sustained in combat, warriors fought in battles and were awarded a Medal of gallantry.
	Despite being injured during the fighting, warriors fought during the battle and were presented with a medal of heroism.
	Despite injuries in the fighting, the warriors fought in battle and were honoured with a medal of heroism.
	Despite the injuries that occurred in combat, brave men fought in the combat and were presented with a Medal of heroism.
	Despite being injured in combat, the warriors fought in combat and received the medal of heroism.
	Despite the injuries sustained in fighting, warriors fought in battle and were presented with heroic medals.
	Notwithstanding the traumas that have marked the combat, the consolidaters were still fighting and received a medal of heroism.
	Notwithstanding the scars of battle, the consolidating men rose up and were awarded a medal of heroism.
	Despite the many scars inflicted in battle, those who were strong rose up and won a heroic medal.
	Despite the numerous injuries caused by the fighting, the consolidaters stood up and won a heroic medal.
	Despite the wounds inflicted in the battle, reinforcements stand up and have won a heroic medal.
	Despite the bruises from the battles, the consolidationists rose up to receive the Medal of Fortitude.
	Despite the wounds of the war, those who had consolidated themselves have risen up and been awarded their medals of mayhem.
	Despite the wounds in the fighting, the consolidaters have risen up and received their medals of heroism.
	Despite the bruises of the battle, the consolidaters were able to rise and gain a miraculous medal.
	Despite its scars in fighting, the consolidationists rose and won their heroic medals.
	Despite being wounded in battle, the solids continue to rise to battle and have been given a medal because they have the courage to do so.
	Despite being injured in the war, the solids are still on the rise and be awarded their Medals as a result of their bravery.
	Despite injuries sustained in combat, the solids continue to rise up and are being awarded medals on account of their courage.
	In spite of the injuries sustained in the fighting, the solids are still standing up in the battle and won medals as a result of their bravery.
	Despite the injuries during the fight, the solids nevertheless rise up and are awarded a medal for their bravery.
	Despite their injuries in the fighting, the solids have risen up in the battle and been awarded Medals for their bravery.
	Despite being injured in the fighting, the solids nevertheless rise to combat and are bestowed medals for their courage.
	Despite being injured in the fighting, the solidists are still at war and are rewarded with medals for their courage.
	Despite injuries in combat, those in solid condition continue to fight and be awarded the Medal for their bravery.
	Despite their injuries during fighting, those in solid state stand up to combat and be awarded a medal for their courage.
	The warrior was injured in battle, and in spite of being wounded, the warrior took up battle, winning the Medal of Courage.
	Warriors have been wounded in battle. Despite this, but warriors have fought in the war and won the Medal of Courage.
	In battle, warriors were injured, in spite of injuries but warriors were still in battle and had won the Medal of Courage.
	Warriors are wounded in the battle, but, despite their own injuries, the warriors have fought in the battle, winning their Medal of Courage.
	A warrior is wounded in battle, although he is wounded, the warrior rises to battle and win the Medal of Courage.
	A warrior was wounded in the battle and, though wounded, the brave still stood up for it and won the Medal of Courage.
	The warrior was wounded in battle, though wounded, but the warrior was still on the battle team. He won the Medal of Courage.
	A warrior who was wounded in battle, in spite of his wounds, rose to fight and won his Medals of Courage.
	Warriors are injured in battle, but even though wounded, warriors are still fighting and winning the Medal of Courage.
	The warriors were injured in the fighting, though wounded, but those brave men were still in the battle, and they were awarded the Medal of Courage.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The rain will persist for most of the morning, but we are expecting a brighter afternoon.
Top 100 Translations
	Rain will last for the most part of the morning, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will last much of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain is going to endure most of the morning but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain is going to continue most of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rains will continue for much of the morning, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will continue much of the morning but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will be rained most of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will be rain for most of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will continue most of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will last for most of the morning but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning rain would go on, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much the morning rains will go on, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning rains will be going on, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most of the morning rains are going to last, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning rain will continue to fall, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	A lot of mornings of rain is going to take place, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning rains will be continued but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most of the morning rains will last, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of this morning's rains will go on, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most of the rain in the morning will be on, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain would have been going on most of this time, but we've been looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rains will continue for a lot of time, but we'll look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will be going on for the most part, but we'll be looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rains will last for the most part of the day, but we'll be looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rains are going to go on for the most part, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will continue for most of the time, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain would have lasted most of the time, but we were looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rains are going to last much of the time, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	It'll last for much of the time, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain would have lasted for most of the day, but, we were looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning rain will go on, but we'll look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most of the morning rains will go on, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of this morning's rains are going to continue, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much this morning rains will last, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of this morning's rains are going to take place, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of this morning rain will last, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will be sustained most of the morning, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the rain in the morning will continue, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most of this morning rains will go on, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will last for most of this morning, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The winter rains will last most of the mornings, but we expect a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning rains will continue, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most of the morning rain will last, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most morning rain is going to continue, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The morning rains will last mostly, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most of the mornings will continue, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most morning rains will be sustained, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will be going on for the most part in the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most of the morning rain is going to continue. But, we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The morning rains will last most of us, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain would last much of the time every morning, but we looked forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will last much of the morning every morning, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will be going through most of the mornings, but we're gonna look for a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will last much of the morning, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rains will last for most of every morning, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	It will continue most of the time every morning, but we'll look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain'll last most of the morning of the day, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will continue for most of the day in the morning, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will last much of the morning every morning, but we'll look for a brighter afternoon.
	The rain would last most of the morning every day, but we'd look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain is going to continue most of the morning, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rains will last for much of the morning, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain is going to continue for most of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will continue for much of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will run through much of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will continue for the most part in the morning, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rains will last for a great part of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will last for much of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will last for a long time until the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will last up most of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Although the rain will continue for the most part the morning, we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	While much of the morning's rains will continue, we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Although much of the morning rain will keep going, we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	While most of the morning rains will continue to be rain, we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	While the rain will continue for much of the morning, we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Although much of this morning rains will be sustained, we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Although the rain will be on for the majority of mornings, we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	While most of the morning rain will last forever, we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Although the rain will persist for the most part this morning, we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Although most of our morning rains continue to hold, we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain is going to last for the most part this morning, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning rains are going to last, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of this morning's rain is going to hold, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning's rain will be on the ground, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of this morning's rain will be on, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain for the rest of the morning is going to continue, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will last for the most part of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of this morning's rain is going to go on, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning rains are going to go on but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rains will hold for the most part of the day, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	It will be raining for most mornings, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rains will continue for the most part of the morning, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain is going to continue to rain for most of the morning, but we look forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain continues for most morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Most of the mornings are going to be rainy, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	It will continue raining for most of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Rain will continue to rains for much of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain would continue in most of the morning but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	Much of the morning will continue to rain, but we're looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
	The rain will continue to rain most of the morning, but we are looking forward to a brighter afternoon.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: In the mating season, the male of the species calls out with a distinctive gu-gu sound.
Top 100 Translations
	During the mating season, female males barked with a unique gu-gu voice.
	In the mating season, the female male screams were made in a distinct gu-gu voice.
	In the mating season the female males shouted with distinct gu-gu voices.
	In mating season, the females' male squeals were made with a unique gu-gu voice.
	The female male cry in mating season was made in a unique gu gu voice.
	During the mating season the male voice of a female comes from a unique gu-gu voice.
	During the mating season, female male murmuring comes from the unique gu-gu voice.
	In mating seasons, female male snares come out in a unique gu-gu voice.
	During mating seasons, the female male screams with his unique gu-gu voice.
	During the mating season, females' male sounds come out of a unique gu-gu voice.
	In mating season, male males chanted in unique loudspeaker's voice.
	And in the mated season, the males shout with the distinct sound of their grunt.
	In the mating season, males cry in their own unique grooves.
	In the matrimony season, the males shout with the unique grunting sound of the male.
	In the mating season, males shouted with a distinct voice, the male with a single sound of a grunt.
	 In the mating season the male male screams out with a unique grunt 
	The males shout in a unique cog during the mating season.
	A male shouted with a unique sound in his mating season.
	At the maturing season, the male yelled with his unique grunt.
	During the mating season, males shout out with a distinct sound of grunt.
	During the maturing period, the male type uses a kind of extraordinary sonic squealing call.
	In the mated season, the male species uses a special voice called to make a sound.
	In the mating season, the male species uses a kind of distinctly loud tone to make a voice out of it.
	In mating seasons, the male has a kind of special call for a sound that comes from the male.
	And during the mating season, that male type used a kind of peculiarly loud-blowing call.
	During the mating season, the male type uses an extraordinary call with a symphony.
	In the mated seasons, the male type uses a very special call that makes a sound.
	At the mating season, the males use a special voice-celebrating call.
	During the mating season, the male type has a special call with its loudspeaker.
	At a mating season, that male species uses a unique voice call.
	In the mating season, males of male whales shout with a unique voice of the cuckoo.
	In mating seasons, male whales of male whales shout with unique grooves.
	During mating seasons, male male whales cried with unique sound of collusive sound.
	At the mating season, male whales of males cry out for their unique grooves.
	At the mating season, male male whales cry out in a unique collusion sound.
	During mating seasons, male whales were shouting with a unique sound of a grumpy groove.
	In mating season, male male whales shout with a unique collusion of grooves.
	During the mating season, male males of male whales were shouting in a unique voice of groove.
	At the mating season, males of male whales shouted with unique grooves.
	During the mating season, males from males are crying out with unique gulls.
	At the mating season, male females are called out with a unique gu-gu voice.
	In matery seasons, male females call out with a unique Gu-gu voice.
	In the mating season, the male female was calling out with a unique Gu-gu voice.
	In the maturing season, the male female called out with a unique Gu-gu voice.
	During the mating season, the male female was calling out with a distinctive Gu-gu voice.
	During the matery season, male females are calling out with a unique Gu-gu voice.
	During a mating season, a male female was calling out with a unique gu-gu voice.
	During mating season, male females are called out with a distinct gu-gu voice.
	In mating seasons, a male female calls out with one unique Gu-gu voice.
	And during the mating season, the male female called out with a unique Gu-gu voice.
	In the mating season, male males call for the sound of a distinctive gugu-gu.
	During the maturing season, males shouted with a unique hgu-gu sound.
	In mating season, the male calls with the voice of a unique gugu-gu.
	At the mating season, the male calls out with the noise of a unique gugu-gu.
	In mating season, male male calls with the sound of a unique gugu-gu.
	At the mating season, male male calls to the sound of a distinctive gugu-gu.
	The male calls in mating seasons with the sound of a unique gugu-gu.
	In mating season, male males call with a unique voice of gugu-gu.
	In mating season, male males call out with a unique sound of gugu-gu.
	At the mating season, a male calls a unique sound of a gugu-gu.
	The mating season, the male's call is with a unique grunt.
	The mating season, male fish calling with a unique grunt.
	Compatibility seasons, call of male fish using a unique grunt.
	Compatibility season, the male's ring with a unique grunt.
	mating seasons, the male fish calls with a unique collusive grunt.
	Complementation seasons, male fish's call with a unique grunt.
	For the mating season, males' calls used a unique grunt.
	The mate season, the male fish calls with a unique grunt.
	The mating season, the male fish called with a unique grunt.
	The mating season, the call of male fish with a unique grunt.
	The unique gu-gu sound of the species was heard during the mating season when the male shouts were made.
	A unique Gu-gu echo is heard during mating seasons, when the male cries from this species are heard by gu-gu-gu.
	The male cries from this species sound unique gu-gu-gu in the mating season.
	During a mating season, the male squealed with the unique gui-gu-gu noise of the species.
	In the matrimony season, the male voices of the species sounded uniquely at gu-gu-gu.
	The male tweaks of the species make a unique gu-gu-gu sound during the mating season.
	A unique Gu-gu noise was made during the mating season during the male shouts of the species.
	During a matery season, a unique gu-gu echo was made at the male cry of the species.
	During a mater's season, a unique gu-gu voice was heard by the male who shouted at the species.
	During the mating season the male voice of the species was unique in sound of gu-gu-gu.
	And during the maturing season the male male voice had a unique kind of gu sound.
	In the mated season, the male call with the male voice had the distinct gu sound of the gu.
	In matey season, male male voices, have a unique gu sound.
	In matey season, the male call, which is a unique gu sound.
	In mating seasons, the male call, the male, had a unique pu-gu sound.
	In mated season, male male snores, with a unique gu sonic sound.
	During mating season, male male calls had a unique gu sound.
	The male call during the maturing season had a unique type of gu-gu sound.
	The male's call during the matery season, was unique in the sound of the man, a gu-gu.
	The male in the mating season, the male calls, the sound of a unique gu gu.
	A female male sound when she calls in during the mating season.
	It's a mating season, where females cry out for special grunts.
	In the mating season, a female male makes special sound when she calls.
	When a male female calls during matery seasons, she makes a unique sound of rumours.
	When the females call at mating seasons, the females make a sound of the sound of their specific narcissism.
	In mating seasons, female males make special grunts when they call out.
	The male females have a special voice when it calls during the mating season.
	In the mated season, female male birds are calling out with some kind of loud narcissism.
	And when the females are calling in during the mating season they make special grunts.
	When the female male calls for her mating seasons, the female makes a special grunt.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Marie Curie, one of the best-known pioneers in working with radiation, died in 1934.
Top 100 Translations
	Mari Corey, one of the most well-known pioneers of the radioactivity industry, died in 1934.
	Mary Corey is one of the most famous pioneers in the radiology industry, and died in 1934.
	Mary Corey is one of the best-known pioneers in radiation work, and she died in 1934.
	Mary Corey was one of the best-known pioneers on radioactivity and died in 1934.
	Mary Coree was one of the most famous pioneers in radiation-related work, and died in 1934.
	Mary Corly was one of the most famous champions in the field of radiation work, which she was killed in 1934.
	Mary Corey was one of the most prominent pioneers in radiation-related work and died in 1934.
	Mary Cory was one of the most well-known pioneers of the radiology industry in the world who died in 1934.
	Mary Corey is one of the most well known pioneers in radioactive work, killed in 1934.
	Mary Corey, one of the most famous pioneers in radiation-related work, died in 1934.
	Mary Curie, one of the most well-known vanguards in the field of radiation passed away in 1934, and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most known pioneers in radiation, died in 1934, in 1934, and died in 1934.
	Marie Currie, one of the most known pioneers in the field of radiology, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most well-known pioneers of the field of radiation, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	Marie Curi, one of the best-known pioneers in radioactivity, died in 1934 and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the best known pioneers in radiation, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most well-known pioneers in the field of radiation, died in 1934 and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, the first of the most known pioneers of the radiation field, died in 1934 and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most prominent pioneers in the field of radiance, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most well-known vanguards of the radiation field, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most well known pioneers in the work of radioactivity, passed away in 1934.
	Marie Curie was among the most prominent pioneers of the radiation effort, who passed away in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most well-known pioneers on radiation work, passed away in 1934.
	Marie Curie was one of the most well-known pioneers of the radiation work, and he passed away in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most famous pioneers of the work on radiation, died in 1934.
	Mary Curie was among the most well-known pioneers in radiation work and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the best known pioneers of radiation work, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was one of the most known pioneers of the radiation work, and he passed away in 1934.
	Marie Curie is one of the most known pioneers of radiation work, and he passed away in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most well-known pioneers in the radiation industry, passed away in 1934.
	Marley Courrie, one of our most well-known pioneers working with radiation, Mary Cuily, died in 1934.
	Marie Cory, one of the most well-known pioneers in radio-related cooperation was Mary Goui, who died in 1934.
	Mari Couri, one of the most renowned pioneers of radiology, Mary Guli, died in 1934.
	Mary Courie, one of the most famous pioneers in radiation cooperation, is Marie Curry, who died in 1934.
	Mary Curry, one of the most prominent pioneers of radiation cooperation, Mary Geary, died in 1934.
	Mary Couri, one of the most famous pioneers working with radiation, Mary Curly, died in 1934.
	One of the best-known pioneers of radiation cooperation, Mari Cuily, died in 1934.
	Marie Couri, one of the most well known pioneers in radiation cooperation, Mary Curly, died in 1934.
	Marley Curly, one of the most famous pioneers in radiology cooperation, Mary Geary, died in 1934.
	Mary Courrie, one of the famous pioneers working with radiation, Mary Curly, died in 1934.
	One of the most well known pioneers in the field of radiology, Mary Gurry died in 1934 and in 1934.
	One of the most well known pioneers of the radiation work was Mary Gurry, who died in 1934, and she died in 1934.
	One of the most famous pioneers of radiation work, Mary Curie, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	One of the most prestigious pioneers working with radiation, Marie Gry, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	One of the most prominent pioneers in radiation service, Marie Gry, died in 1934 and in 1934.
	One of the best known pioneers working on radiation, Mary Curie, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	One of the most well-known pioneers in radiation work, Mary Gry, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	One of the most well known pioneers of radiation work was Marie Gry, who died in 1934, and he passed away in 1934.
	One of the most prominent pioneers of radiation work, Mary Curie, passed away in 1934 and died in 1934.
	One of the most famous pioneers in the field of radiation work, Marie Curie, died in 1934 and in 1934.
	Marie Curie is one of the best-known pioneers in radiation research and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most prominent pioneers in the field of radiation research, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most well-known pioneers in radiation research, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most notable pioneers of radiation research, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the best known pioneers of radiation research, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was one of the most famous pioneers in radiation studies, and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was one of the most famous pioneers of radiation research and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was one of the most well-known pioneers of radiation research and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was one of the most well-known pioneers in radiation research, and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the best known pioneers of radiation research, died in 1934.
	Mary Curi, the most famous radiation precursor, died in 1934.
	Mary Curi, the most famous radiation pioneer, died in 1934.
	Mary Cuily, the most famous radiation pioneer in the world, died in 1934.
	Mary Courly, the most renowned radiation pioneer, died in 1934.
	The first known radiation precursor, Mary Courrie, died in 1934.
	The first known radiation pioneer, Mary Curly, died in 1934.
	Mary Courrie, one of the most well-known radiation pioneers in the world, died in 1934.
	Mary Curie, the most famous radiation pioneer, died in 1934.
	Mary Cory, one of the most famous radiation precursor, died in 1934.
	Mary Couri, the most well-known radiation pioneer, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most famous pioneers of work on radiation, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, the most famous pioneer of radiation-related work, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, the most renowned pioneer in radiation work, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, the most well-known pioneer of radiation work, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, who was the famous pioneer of the work on radiation, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was the most famous pioneer of the radiation work and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was the most famous pioneer in radiation work, and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, the most well-known pioneer in radiation work, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most known pioneers of the work of radiation, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, the most famous pioneer in the field of radiation work, died in 1934.
	Mary Curri, the most famous pioneer in radiation research, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was among the most famous champions of research into radiation, and she lost her life in 1934.
	Mary Curly died in 1934.
	Mary Curi, the most famous pioneer in the study of radioactivity, died in 1934.
	Mary Curry was killed in 1934, the famous vanguard of radiation research.
	The most famous pioneer in research on radiation: Mary Curie died in 1934.
	Mary Currie died in 1934, the first leader in research into radiation-related research.
	Mary Curry was the most famous pioneer in research on radiation in 1934, and now we have been in the dark for a very long time.
	The best known pioneer in the study of radiation-related research was Mary Curie, who died in 1934.
	The best-known pioneer on radiology research was Mary Currie, who died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was one of the most well known pioneers in radiation work, and died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most famous pioneers in the field of radiation work, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was among the most well-known pioneers of the radiation work, who died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, who is one of the most well-known pioneers in the area of radiation, died in 1934.
	One of the most well known pioneers working in the area of radiation was Marie Curie, who died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most famous pioneers in the field of radiation work, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie, one of the most well known pioneers of the radiation industry, died in 1934.
	One of the most well known pioneers in the work on radiation work, Marie Curie, died in 1934.
	Marie Curie was one of the most well-known pioneers working on radiation, who died in 1934.
	Marie Curie is one of the most well known pioneers working on radiation, who died in 1934.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Deep sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous business.
Top 100 Translations
	Deep-sea exploration of oil wells has been a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Exploration for oil wells in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Deep sea exploration of oil wells is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Deep sea exploration of oil wells is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	The exploration of wells in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	The deep-sea exploration of the wells is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Deep-sea exploration of oil wells is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	The exploration of oil wells in the deep seas is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Deep sea exploration for oil wells was a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Deep sea exploration of oil wells is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Oil exploration in the deep sea is a squalid and dangerous thing to do.
	Oil exploration for the deep sea was a dirty and dangerous undertaking.
	Oil exploration in the deep sea was a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	The exploration of oil in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	The exploration for petroleum in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	The exploration of oil in the deep sea was a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	Exploration for oil in the deep ocean is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	Oil exploration in the deep sea was a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	The exploration for petroleum in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous undertaking.
	The exploration of oil in the deep ocean is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	Exploration of wells in deep seas is both dirty and dangerous.
	The exploration of deep-sea wells is both dirty and dangerous.
	Prospections for wells in the deep sea are both dirty and dangerous.
	Explorations for wells in the deep oceans are both dirty and dangerous.
	The exploration of deep-sea oil wells is both dirty and dangerous.
	Exploration for wells in the deep sea is both dirty and dangerous.
	Exploration of deep-sea oil wells is both dirty and dangerous.
	Prospective exploration of wells in deep sea is both scavenging and dangerous.
	Deep-sea well prospecting is dirty and dangerous.
	Prospecting for deep-sea oil wells is both dirty and dangerous.
	The exploration of oil from deep seabeds is an unsophisticated and dangerous business.
	Oil exploration in the depths of the ocean is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Exploration of oil at the deep seabed is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep-sea petroleum prospecting is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of deep seabed oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Oil exploration for the deep seabed is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep seabed petroleum exploration is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of the deep sea oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The deep seabed exploration of petroleum is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep-sea petroleum exploration is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of oil from the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	Deep-sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous undertaking.
	The exploration for deep seabed oil is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	Deep sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous undertaking.
	Deep-sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous undertaking.
	The exploration of oil from the deep seabed is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	The exploration of petroleum in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	The exploration of deep seabed oil is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	Deep seabed oil exploration is a squalid and dangerous exercise.
	The exploration of deep seabed oils is a dirty and dangerous exercise.
	Oil exploration operations in the deep sea are both dirty and dangerous.
	The exploration of oil from the deep sea is both dirty and dangerous.
	Oil exploration in the deep sea is both dirty and dangerous.
	Oil exploration for the deep sea is both dirty and dangerous.
	Oil exploration in the deep sea is both dirty and dangerous.
	Oil exploration in the deep sea is both dirty and dangerous.
	Oil exploration activities in the deep sea are both dirty and dangerous.
	Oil exploration activity in the deep sea is both dirty and dangerous.
	The exploration of oil for the deep sea is both squalid and dangerous.
	The exploration activities for oil in the deep sea are both dirty and dangerous.
	The exploration of oil on the bottom of the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of deep seabed oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep-sea petroleum explorations are a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of the deep seabed is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of oil deep in the seabed is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The deep seabed exploration of oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Oil exploration at the bottom of the ocean is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Oil exploration at the deep bottom of the sea is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep-sea exploration of oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep seabed petroleum exploration is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration for deep-sea oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of deep-sea petroleum is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of oil in the deep is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of deep sea oil was a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep-sea exploration for oil is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of deep-water oils is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep-sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration for deep-sea petroleum is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep-sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of oil in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep sea-floor petroleum exploration is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Deep-sea petroleum exploration is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Deep-sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	The exploration for oil at the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	The exploration for oil at the bottom of the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Deep-sea oil exploration is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	The exploration of petroleum from the deep seabed is a defamous and dangerous industry.
	Oil explorations at the bottom of the seabed are a dirty and dangerous industry.
	Exploration for deep seabed oil is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	The exploration of deep seabed petroleum is a dirty and dangerous industry.
	The deep-sea exploration of oil wells is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep sea oil exploration wells are a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of wells in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of oil wells in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of oil wells in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of the wells in the deep sea is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The exploration of oil wells in the deep ocean is a dirty and dangerous business.
	Deep-sea exploration of oil wells was a dirty and dangerous business.
	The deep-sea exploration of oil wells is a dirty and dangerous business.
	The deep-sea exploration wells constitute a dirty and dangerous business.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Much of the neighbourhood was demolished in the 1940s when living conditions had deteriorated.
Top 100 Translations
	In the 1940s, most settlements were dismantled, while living conditions were deteriorating at that time.
	The 1980s saw the destruction of most of the settlements and the deterioration of living conditions at that time.
	In the 1940s, most of the settlements had been dismantled, and living conditions were deteriorating at that time.
	Living conditions deteriorated during the 1940s, when most of the settlements were demolished.
	Most of the settlements were demolished in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most settlements in the 1940s were dismantled at a time when living conditions were deteriorating.
	In the 2040s, most settlements were dismantled, and living conditions deteriorated further at that time.
	Most of the settlement sites had been demolished during the 1940s and living conditions had deteriorated at that time.
	During the 1940s, much of the settlements had been demolished and living conditions had deteriorated worse than they would expect at the time.
	In the 2040's, a large proportion of settlements had been demolished, and living conditions had been deteriorating at that time.
	Most of the area was demolished in the 1940s as a result of the deterioration of living conditions.
	Most of the area was demolished in the 1940s as a result of the deterioration of living conditions.
	The majority of the area was demolished in the 1940s as a result of the deterioration of living conditions.
	Most of the area was demolished as a result of the deterioration of living conditions during the 1940s.
	The majority of the region was demolished during the 1940s as a result of the deterioration of living conditions.
	The vast majority of the area in the 1940s was demolished because of the deterioration of living conditions.
	The large part of the area was demolished during the 1940s as a result of the deterioration of living conditions.
	Most of the region had been demolished in the 1940s as a result of the deterioration of living conditions.
	Most of the region was demolished due to deteriorating living conditions in the 1940s.
	The majority of the region was demolished as a result of deteriorating living conditions in the 1940s.
	The majority of the population was demolished following the deterioration of living conditions in the 1940s.
	Most of the population centres were demolished following the deterioration of their living conditions in the 1940s.
	Most of these settlements were destroyed after the deterioration of their living conditions in the 1940s.
	A substantial part of the settlements have been dismantled following the deterioration of living conditions in the 1940s.
	Most of the population population has been demolished following the deterioration of living conditions in the 1940s.
	Most of the population centres were demolished after the deterioration of living conditions in the 1940s.
	Most of these population centres have been demolished following the deteriorating living conditions of the 1940s.
	Most of those settlements had been destroyed after the deterioration of their living conditions in the 1940s.
	The majority of the settlements had been demolished following a deterioration of living conditions in the 1940s.
	Most of these settlements were demolished following a deterioration in their living conditions in the 1940s.
	Most of the neighbourhoods were demolished and living conditions worsened in the 1940s.
	Most of the residential areas were destroyed in the 1940s, with a deterioration in living conditions.
	Most of these residential areas have been demolished and living conditions have deteriorated during the 1940s.
	During the 1980s, most residential areas were demolished and living conditions deteriorated.
	In the 1940s most of the residential areas were demolished and living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the residential districts were demolished and living conditions deteriorated in the 1940s.
	Most of the residential areas were demolished and living conditions deteriorated in the 1940s.
	In the 1940s, the majority of residential areas were demolished and living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the residential settlements were demolished and living conditions deteriorated in the 1940s.
	Most of the populated areas were demolished and living conditions deteriorated during the 1940s.
	Most neighbourhood communities were destroyed in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the neighbours had been destroyed in the 1940s, at a time when living conditions had deteriorated.
	Most of the neighborhoods were destroyed during the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the neighbourhoods were destroyed in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Much of the neighbourhood was destroyed in the 1940s, at which time living conditions deteriorated.
	The majority of the neighborhoods were destroyed in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	The majority of the neighbourhood were demolished during the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the neighborhoods were destroyed during the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Much of the neighbourhood was destroyed during the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of those neighbourhoods were destroyed in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the residential communities were destroyed in the 1940s when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of these residential areas were destroyed during the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the residential population was destroyed in the 40th century, at a time when living conditions were deteriorating.
	Most populated areas were destroyed in the 1980s and living conditions were deteriorating at that time.
	The majority of populated areas had been destroyed in the 1940s, at a time of deterioration in their living conditions.
	The majority of residential areas were destroyed in the 1940s, at a time of deteriorating living conditions.
	Most populated communities were destroyed in the 1940s, at a time of deterioration in their living conditions.
	Most residential areas had been destroyed in the 1940s, at a time when living conditions had deteriorated.
	Most of the neighbourhood was destroyed during the 1940s, at a time when the living conditions continued to deteriorate.
	Most of the residential communities were destroyed in the 1940s, when their living conditions continued to deteriorate.
	Most of the neighbourhoods, which had been demolished in the 1940s following the deterioration of living conditions, experienced a deterioration in living conditions at that time.
	Most neighbourhoods suffered a deterioration of their living conditions after they were destroyed in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the populated areas were demolished in the 1940s following a deterioration in living conditions, which deteriorated considerably at that time.
	Most of the settlements had been demolished after deteriorating living conditions in the 1940s, at a time when living conditions had deteriorated.
	Most of the residential areas had been destroyed in the 1940s following deteriorating living conditions, which were deteriorating at that time.
	The majority of the population were destroyed in the 1940s after deteriorating living conditions deteriorated, and those conditions deteriorated worse at that time.
	A majority of the neighbourhoods were demolished in the 1940s, following the deterioration of living conditions, at which point living conditions continued to deteriorate.
	Most of the residential areas had been demolished in the 1940s after deteriorating living conditions, which were worsening at that time.
	Most residential districts were demolished after a deterioration in living conditions in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most neighbourhoods were demolished during the 1940s following the deterioration in their living conditions, which were worsening at that time.
	In the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated, most of this neighbourhood was razed to the ground.
	In the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated, most of the neighbourhood was razed to the ground.
	In the 1940s, when the conditions deteriorated, the majority of this neighbourhood was razed to the ground.
	In the 1940s, when living conditions worsened, most of the residential area was razed to the ground.
	Most of the residential area was flattened in the 1940s, at a time of deteriorating living conditions.
	Most of the population was levelled when living conditions deteriorated in the 1940s.
	During the 1940s, as living conditions deteriorated, most of the residential area was razed to the ground.
	During the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated, most of the neighbourhood was razed to the ground.
	During the 1940s, when conditions deteriorated, much of the neighbourhood was razed to the ground.
	During the 1940s, as living conditions deteriorated, a large part of the neighbourhood was razed to the ground.
	Most of the area had been destroyed in the 1940s, with deteriorating living conditions at that time.
	Most of the region was destroyed in the 1940s, at a time when living conditions were deteriorating.
	The destruction of most of the area was the case in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	The vast majority of the area was destroyed in the 1940s, when living conditions continued to deteriorate.
	Much of the area had been destroyed in the 1940s, and living conditions had deteriorated at that time.
	Most of the area was destroyed in the 1940s, and living conditions deteriorated from one place to the next.
	The majority of the area was destroyed in the 1940s, at a time of deteriorating living conditions.
	Most parts of the region were devastated during the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the area had been destroyed in the 1940s, and living conditions had deteriorated at that time.
	Most of the area was destroyed in the 1940s, when the living conditions deteriorated.
	The majority of the neighbourhood was destroyed in the 1940s, at a time of deteriorating living conditions.
	Much of the neighborhood was demolished in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the neighborhoods were demolished in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of these neighbourhoods were dismantled in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	Most of the neighbourhood was demolished in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	The majority of the neighborhoods were demolished during the 1940s, during which time the living conditions deteriorated.
	The majority of the neighborhoods had been demolished during the 1940s, when conditions had continued to deteriorate.
	The majority of the neighborhood was demolished in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
	The majority of the neighbourhood was demolished during the 1940s, when living conditions continued to deteriorate.
	Most of the neighbourhood was destroyed in the 1940s, when living conditions deteriorated.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Scientists are yet to understand the full nutritional benefits of the humble olive.
Top 100 Translations
	Scientists are yet to be informed of the full nutritional advantage of this shallow olive.
	Scientists have not yet been informed of the full nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	Scientists are unaware of the full nutritional benefits of these shallow olives.
	Scientists are not yet aware of its full nutritional benefits.
	Scientists are not yet sure of the full nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	It is unclear to scientists about the full nutritional benefits of these shallow olives.
	The full nutritional benefit of this olive has not yet been clear to scientists.
	Scientists have no idea of the nutrient benefits that the shallow olive has for the population as a whole.
	Scientists are still unaware of the full nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	Scientists are yet to understand the full nutritional advantage of this shallow olive.
	Scientists are not yet aware of the full nutrient benefit of this humble olive.
	Scientists have yet to recognize the nutritionally sufficient benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists have yet to understand the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists are not yet aware of the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists still do not know the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists have yet to know the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists have yet to realize the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists are yet to learn the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists have not yet come to terms with the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists have not yet realized the nutritionally sufficient benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists do not yet have a thorough understanding of the nutritional benefits of that humble olive.
	Scientists still cannot fully comprehend the benefits of that humble olive for human nutrition.
	Scientists are still unable to fully understand the benefits that a humble olive can offer to people's nutritional well-being.
	Scientists are not yet fully aware of the benefits that that humble olive can bring to the people's nutrition.
	Scientists have not yet fully understood that modest olive has the benefit of human nutrition.
	Scientists do not yet understand fully the advantages that a humble olive can offer to people's nutritional well-being.
	Scientists do not fully understand the benefit that that humble olive can bring to human nutrition.
	Scientists have yet to fully appreciate the benefit that the humble olives will bring to human nutrition.
	Scientists are not yet fully aware of the benefits that a humble olive could bring to human nutrition.
	Scientists have not yet understood fully the benefits that that humble olive could provide for human nutrition.
	Scientists are not yet able to understand the full nutritional benefit of small olives.
	Scientists are still unable to grasp the full nutritional benefits of small olives.
	Scientists also have no idea of the nutritional benefits that micro olives could have in terms of nutrients.
	Scientists are still unable to grasp the full nutritional benefits of small olives.
	The full nutritional benefits of small olives have still not been understood by scientists.
	Scientists have been unable to understand the full nutritional benefits of small olives.
	Scientists have yet to understand the full benefits of micro olives in terms of nutrition.
	Scientists are not yet able to understand the nutritional benefits to the full extent of small olives.
	Scientists do not yet have the knowledge of the full nutrient benefits of micro-Orill in the case of small olives.
	Scientists are not well informed of the full nutritional benefits of tiny olives.
	The scientists still can't understand the perfect benefit to nutrition from this humble olive.
	Scientists do not yet understand the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists don't even understand what this humble olive is worth completely to nutrients.
	Scientists do not yet understand the full benefits that this humble olive can have in terms of nutrition.
	Scientists have not understood this humble olive to be completely nutrient-friendly.
	And scientists are not sure that this modest olive will have the full effect on nutritional well-being.
	Scientists don't understand the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	And scientists don't understand the perfect nutritional advantage of this humble olive.
	Scientists are not yet able to understand the absolute benefit of a humble olive to nutrients.
	Scientists can't even understand the full nutritional benefits of this humble olive.
	Scientists are unaware of the nutritional benefits that would flow from this humble olive.
	Scientists still do not know what the nutritional benefits of this humble olive can be fully realized.
	Scientists have yet to know the nutritional benefits fully derived by the humble olive.
	Scientists have not been aware of the nutritional gains that would be fully achieved by this humble olive.
	Scientists are still unaware of the nutritional benefits that will flow fully from that humble olive.
	It is still not known to scientists that such a modest olive has the full benefits of its nutritional well-being.
	Scientists are still unaware that the humble olive will reap the full nutritional benefits.
	It was not yet known to the scientists that that humble olive had been able to fully benefit from the nutritional benefits.
	Scientists have yet to realize that the humbly olives have been able to reap its full nutritional benefits.
	Scientists do not know that the humble olives are fully enriched by the nutritional gains that are to be derived from it.
	Scientists are also unaware of the full nutritional benefits of Microsoft olives.
	Scientists are unaware of the full nutritional benefits of Microsoft olives.
	Scientists have not been able to appreciate the full nutritional benefits generated by Microsoft olives.
	Scientists are not aware of the full nutritional benefits of Microsoft olives.
	Scientists also do not have an understanding of the full nutritional benefits of Microsoft olives.
	Scientists are also not informed of the full nutrient benefits of Microsoft olives.
	Scientists are not yet aware of the full nutrient benefits of Microsoft olives.
	Scientists are not yet aware of the full nutritional benefits associated with Microsoft olives.
	Scientists are not yet informed of the full nutritional benefits of Microsoft olives.
	Scientists were also not aware of the full nutritional benefits derived from Microsoft olives.
	Scientists still do not know the full nutritional benefits of flimsy olives.
	Scientists have not been informed of the full nutritional benefit of miniature olives.
	Scientists are also unaware of the full nutritional benefits of miniature olives.
	Scientists have not yet been able to understand the full nutritional benefits of miniature olives.
	Scientists were not yet aware of the full nutritional benefit of tiny olives.
	Scientists are also not aware of the nutritional benefits of small olives in terms of the full range of nutritional benefits.
	Scientists are still unaware of the full nutritional benefits of small olives.
	The full nutritional benefit of small olives is also unknown to scientists.
	Scientists have not been sufficiently informed about the nutritional benefits of micronutrient olives.
	There is a lack of understanding among scientists of the full nutritional benefit of tiny olives.
	Scientists have not yet come to the understanding of the nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	Scientists are yet to realize the nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	Scientists are not yet aware of the nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	Scientists have yet to recognize the nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	Scientists are not yet aware of the nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	Scientists have yet to realize the nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	Scientists have yet to realize the nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	The nutritional benefits of that shallow olive have not yet been recognized by scientists.
	Scientists had not yet realized the nutritional benefits of this shallow olive.
	Scientists still have not recognized the nutritional benefits of this sarcophagus.
	Scientists have yet to understand the full nutrient benefits of this tiny olive.
	Scientists had not yet understood the full benefits of that thin olive for nutrition.
	Scientists are still unaware of the full benefits of this tiny olive for nutrition.
	Scientists do not yet know the full benefits of this thin olive for nutrients.
	Scientists do not yet understand the full nutritional benefits of this tiny olive.
	Scientists have still not yet learned the full advantages of the thin olive in terms of nutritional well-being.
	The full benefits of a tiny olive for nutrition are yet to be understood by scientists.
	Scientists have yet to understand the full benefits of this tiny olive for nutrition.
	Scientists are not yet aware of the full nutritional benefits of this tiny olive.
	Scientists have not yet learned how this tiny olive can fully contribute to nutritional well-being.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You can come and observe us performing this operation, if you want.
Top 100 Translations
	You can come see us for the procedure, if you'd like.
	We're here for this, if you'll excuse me.
	I'd like you to come and see us in this surgery, if that's all you want.
	You can come and see us for this surgery, if you want.
	Well, you'll come see us for this operation, if you'd like.
	Well, you can come see us for this operation, if you like.
	You can watch us operate on this operation if that's okay with you.
	You can see us at this surgery if that's what you want.
	You can come and see us for this operation, if you'd like.
	You can come here and visit us for this. If you'd like.
	You'll come and see us do the operation, if you like.
	You can come and see us on this operation, if you'd like.
	You can come and see us take this operation and if you want to do it.
	You can come see us work on this operation, if that'll be all you want to do.
	You can come see us to carry out the mission, if you'd like.
	You may come and visit us, and carry out the mission, if you're willing to do so.
	You can come see us carry out our mission. If you'd like.
	You can come and watch us do the job if you're willing to do it.
	If you like, you could go see us and carry out the act, if that's what you want.
	You could go see us on this mission if you'd like.
	You may come see us, if you like, and launch the operation, and if you want, you may come see us.
	If you want, you can come visit us and do this, and if you want to, you can come and see us.
	If you like, you may visit us and you may initiate this mission, and if you want, you may visit us.
	You can come to see us, and you can come to this operation if you want to, and you can go visit us if you want.
	If you want, you can come see us and launch this, and if you'd like, you can come see us.
	If you wish, you can come see us, carry on with this. If you want, you can see us.
	You can come visit us, and do this if you want. You can visit us, if you want.
	If you want, you can come to us and do this thing and if you want, you can come and see us.
	If you want to, you're coming to us, and you're doing it, you're coming to us, and if you want, you can come to us.
	So, if you wish, then you may come to see us, you may conduct this operation, and if you will, you may come to see us.
	And you could come over and see how we do it, if you want.
	You can come by and see how we carry out this operation, if you like.
	If you'd like to, you should come and visit us on this mission.
	You can come by to see us carry out the operation if you want.
	Well, if you like, you can come over and see us on this mission.
	If you wanted to, you could just come over and see what we have in mind to do with this operation.
	If you want to see us do this job, you can come by, see if we can do it.
	You can come and visit us for this operation, if you want.
	Well, if you want, you may come by and see what we have done for the operation.
	- If you want, you could come over and see if we've been going to this operation.
	If you would like, you may come here to see us carrying out this operation, and you may also come here to see us carrying out this course of action.
	You can watch and see, if you wish, that we carry out that act and you can see that we are carrying it out.
	If you wish, you can see that we are carrying out this action, and you can see that we are implementing it.
	And if you so wish, you can come and watch us carry out this mission, as well as you can see how we are carrying it out.
	If you wish, you may come to see us do this, and you may come to see us do this.
	You can watch us carry out that action, if you want, and you can see us do that.
	If you wish, you can come and see us do this, you can also come to see us do this.
	If you wish, you could see us carrying out this action and you could come see us implementing it.
	You can see us doing this, if you like, and you can come see us doing it.
	You can watch us in this exercise, if you want, and you can come in and see us in this.
	You can come and visit us and do this operation if you will to observe us doing it.
	You can come and see us doing this operation, and watch us doing this one, if that's what you want.
	You could come and see us doing this operation if you want, to see how we're doing it.
	You can come visit us in this surgery, if you want to see us in this operation.
	You can come see us do the operation if you like, and see that we do the operation.
	And you can come see us do this operation, and watch us do it if that's what you want.
	You can come and see that we perform this operation, if you want to, and watch us do this operation.
	You could come see us do this surgery if you want to, and you can see us do this operation.
	And you can come by and see us in this operation, if you want to, and look at us in this operation.
	Well, you could come over and see us do it, if you like, and watch us do it.
	You can come and watch us do the job, if that's what you want.
	And you can come by to watch us carry out this operation if you want.
	You can come to see us and do this, if you want.
	You can come and watch us do the operation, if you want.
	YOU CAN COME TO SEE THAT WE'RE DOING THIS JOB IF YOU WANT.
	You can come and observe us doing this operation, if you want.
	You could come and watch us carry on this operation if that's what you want.
	You can watch us do this operation if you want.
	You could come by to watch us do this, if you want.
	You could have come to observe us and conduct this operation if you want.
	You can watch us on this operation, if you want.
	You can see us in this operation, if you want.
	You could come over and see us do it, if you want.
	You can watch us carry on the operation, if that's your wish.
	You could observe us carry out this operation if you'd like.
	You can observe us on this operation, if you'd like.
	You're welcome to come and see us doing this, if you're willing to do it.
	You could watch us carry out this thing if you'd like.
	Well, you can be watching us carry out this operation, if you'd like.
	And you can come and watch us run this operation, if you'd like.
	You could come watch us do this, if you want.
	You can watch us do this homework, if you want.
	Can come to watch us carry out this assignment if you want.
	We could come and watch us carry out this homework, if you want.
	You can come and watch us perform this job, if you want.
	Could come and see that we're performing this job if you want.
	Can come see us carrying out this work, if you want.
	You can come and watch us carry out this work if you want.
	Can come and look at us perform this assignment, if you want.
	Can come and see that we carry out this work if you want.
	You can come and see us in this operation, if you want.
	And you could come and observe us doing this operation, if you want.
	You can come and see that we're doing this operation, if you want.
	You can come here and watch us do this, if you want.
	You could come in here and see us doing the operation, if you want.
	You could come by and observe that we're doing this surgery, if that's what you want.
	You could come and watch us do this surgery, if that's what you want.
	You can come by and see us doing this operation, if you want.
	You can come and watch us carry out this operation, if you want.
	You could come over and watch us do this operation, if you want.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Bears used to be very widespread in this part of the country, but nobody has seen one for ten years.
Top 100 Translations
	Bears were widespread in this part of the country, but no one has seen bears in the past 10 years.
	Bears used to be so widespread in the country's region, but had been seen by no one for 10 years.
	The bear used to be very extensive in the country in the past, but in the past 10 years no bear had ever been seen.
	It used to be extensive in that part of the country, but no one had seen bears in the past 10 years.
	Bears have in the past been widespread in the country's region but no one has seen bears in the past 10 years.
	Cobs were widespread in the country in the past but, in ten years, no bear has ever seen a bear in this part of the country.
	Bears were in the past so extensive in the region of the country, yet had not been seen by anyone in the past 10 years.
	Bears were widespread in the past in this part of the country, but they had not been seen in the past 10 years.
	Bears had been widespread in this region of the country for 10 years but no bear had been seen in that part of the country.
	The bear used to be so widespread in this region of the country that no bear has seen anyone in the past 10 years.
	In the past this place was common in the country; however, no bear has been seen in the past 10 years.
	This place was popular in the country in the past, but there has been no sign of bears in the past 10 years.
	Bears were common in the country for the past 10 years but there has not been a sign of the presence of bears.
	Bears were common in the country before, but no one has been able to see them in the past 10 years.
	Bears have been prevalent in this area in the past, but none of them have appeared in the past 10 years.
	This place was used to be common in the country, yet no one has seen the bear in the past 10 years.
	Bears in this country were prevalent in the past, but they have not been seen anywhere in the past 10 years.
	Bears used to be common in that country, but no one has seen a bear in the past 10 years.
	Bears were widely present in that country in the past, but no one had seen the presence of them for more than a decade.
	Bears were widespread in this country in the past but no one has seen them in the past 10 years.
	The bears were used to be common in the country in the past, but no bear has been seen in this part of the country for 10 years.
	Bears were once widespread in this region of the country, but no bear has been seen in the last 10 years.
	Bears were widespread previously in the country's own region, but no one has seen bears in the last 10 years.
	The bear was formerly prevalent in this part of the country, but no one has seen bear for the past 10 years.
	Bears used to be widespread in the country's own area, but no one has seen bears in the past 10 years.
	The bear was formerly widespread in the country in this part of the country, but no one has seen a bear in the past 10 years.
	Bears used to be very common in that part of the country, but no bear was seen in the last 10 years.
	Bears were previously widespread in that part of the country, but no one had seen them in the past 10 years.
	Bears were used to be very common in this part of the country, but no bear was seen for more than a decade.
	Bears, which used to be common in that part of the country, have not been seen in the past 10 years.
	Bears once were widespread in the country and yet they haven't seen one bear in ten years.
	Bears have been common in this place across the country, but they haven't seen a bear in ten years.
	Bears had been common to this area across the country but they hadn't seen a bear in ten years.
	Bears used to be very popular here in the whole country, but they didn't see a bear in the last 10 years.
	Bears used to be popular in this area of the country, but they've never seen a bear in ten years.
	Bears were used to this part of the nation, but they haven't seen a bear in ten years.
	Bears had been widespread throughout the country, but they haven't seen a bear in ten years.
	Bears used to be common throughout the country, but they didn't see a bear in the last 10 years.
	Bears used to be common all over the country, but they hadn't seen a bear in ten years.
	Bears were common across the country, but they never saw one bear in ten years.
	Cubs used to be very common in this place throughout the country, but nobody has seen bears in the last 10 years.
	The bear used to be common in the whole of the country, but no one in the last ten years ever saw a bear.
	Bears used to be common in this country, and nobody's seen them in the last 10 years.
	The bear used to be popular in all over the country, and no one's seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	Bears used to be common in this country, but no one's seen bears in the last 10 years.
	Bears have been common in all over the country, but nobody's seen bears in the last 10 years.
	Bears used to be common here in the country, but no one had seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	The bear was common around the country in the past year, but it has never seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	The bears used to be popular in this place in the country but no one has seen bears in the last 10 years.
	Well, bears used to be common around the country, and no one has ever seen them for the last 10 years.
	Bears had been common in this part of the country over the past decade, but nobody saw a bear for more than a decade.
	The Bears were common in the past, in this part of the nation, but no one has ever seen a bear in a decade.
	Bears used to be popular across this part of the country, but no one's seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	Bears were prevalent in the past, but no one has seen a bear for 10 years throughout this part of the country.
	Bears used to be popular in this region of the country, but no one has seen one in the last 10 years.
	Bears used to be popular in the country in this region, but no one had seen a bear over the last 10 years.
	Bears used to be common across the entire country, but for 10 years nobody had seen a bear.
	Bears have been common across the country over the past decade. But no one has seen a bear for the past 10 years.
	The bear was very common in this part of the country, but in the past decade no one saw a bear.
	It's been very common in the past, but for over 10 years, no one has seen a bear here in this part of the country.
	The bears used to be widespread in this part of the country, but in the last 10 years no one has ever seen a bear.
	The bears were very common in this region of the country, and no one has seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	In the past, a bear was very common in this region of this country, but nobody has seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	In the past, bears were common in this area of the country, but no one had ever seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	Bears used to be so popular in the area of this country... but no one has seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	This part of the country had been very common in the past decade, but no one had ever seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	In this part of the country, bears were common in the past, but none of them have seen a bear in the last 10 years.
	The bears were very common in this area of the country in the past, but no one has seen one over the past 10 years.
	Bears were common across this part of the country in the past, but no one has seen them in the last 10 years.
	In this part of the country, bears were prevalent in the past, but nobody's seen a bear over the last 10 years.
	And bears were quite common in this part of the country but no one has seen a bear in a decade.
	The bear was widely distributed throughout the region, but in 10 years no one had ever seen a bear.
	Bears were popular in this part of the country, but no one in the last decade saw a bear.
	Bears were very popular in this region of the country but no one in a decade has seen a bear.
	Bears used to be very popular in the region of the country, but no one has ever met a bear in a decade.
	Bears used to be very common in this part of the country, but no one had ever seen a bear in a decade.
	Bears had been very popular in this part of the country but no one had seen a bear in a decade.
	The bears were very popular here in this part of the country, but no one has ever seen a bear in a decade.
	Bears were very popular in this part of the country, but none of them have seen a bear in a decade.
	Bears were very popular in this country, but none had ever seen a bear in a decade.
	Bears were in fact common in the country in the past, but there has been no one who saw them over the past 10 years.
	Bears were widespread in the past, but no one has seen them for a decade in this part of the country.
	Bears used to be prevalent throughout the country's region, yet no one has seen them for more than a decade.
	Cubs have been common in the country for over a decade now, but no bear has been seen in this part of the country.
	The bears used to be rife within the country in the past, but no one has seen them in the past 10 years.
	Bears used to be widespread in this part of the country, but have not seen them in the past 10 years.
	The bear, which had been widespread in this part of the country in the past, has not been seen for 10 years.
	Bears had been common in that part of the country in the past but no bear had been seen in any of the last 10 years.
	Bears were widely present in the country's area in the past, but they had not been seen by anyone in the past 10 years.
	Bears were common in that part of the country, but they have not been seen in the past 10 years.
	Bears used to be common here in the country, but no one's seen them in the last 10 years.
	The bears once were very common across the country, but no one has ever seen a bear in a decade.
	Bears were popular in the interior, but no one had seen bears in the last 10 years.
	It used to be common in the country, but no bear has ever seen it in the last 10 years.
	The bears were very common in the country, but no one had seen them in the last 10 years.
	Bears were common in the country, but there was no one in the last ten years to see them.
	Bears used to be popular in this region of the country but nobody has seen them in the last 10 years.
	Bears were prevalent in the country once, but nobody has seen a bear in over a decade.
	Bears are common across the country, but no one's seen them in the last 10 years.
	Bears were once very common in the interior of the country, but no one saw them in the last 10 years.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Ben was summoned to the court for jury duty, but took a doctor's note with him and was excused.
Top 100 Translations
	Ben was summoned to the duty of a duty jury, but he went with his doctor's notes and was absolved from being guilty of the crime.
	Ben was summoned to the duty of a duty jury, but was released from responsibility by bringing the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to work as a jury but was absolved from his role by bringing the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to serve as a juror of the Tribunal but he went and was released from his role with the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned for duty as a court duty assessor on duty but was relieved of the responsibility for bringing the doctor's notes with him.
	Ben was summoned to perform his duties as a member of the court's value juries, but he was relieved of the responsibility by taking with him his doctor's notes.
	Ben had been summoned to serve as a assessor for the court, but he went to take the physician's notes, which were relieved of his responsibility.
	Ben was summoned as a duty assessor on duty to the court, but was relieved of his role by bringing the doctor's notes.
	Ben had been summoned to perform duties as a value assessor of the Tribunal but he was excused from the responsibility for taking the doctor's notes.
	Ben, who was summoned for duty as a value juror in court, was freed from being responsible for the incident with the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to the Court for jury duty but was dismissed from his post after taking the doctor's notes.
	Ben was called before the court for jury service but was removed from his position by taking the doctor's notes.
	Ben was called before the court for his duty as a jury, but removed from his position after he took the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to the court on the grounds of jury duty but took his note from the doctor and he was removed from office.
	Ben was summoned before the court for his jury duties, but removed from his position after taking the doctor's notes.
	He was called in to court for his jury duty but removed from office after having taken the doctor's notes.
	Ben was called to court for jury duty, but was removed from post after he took the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned before the court on account of jury duties, but was removed from office after taking the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned before a court for jury duty but was dismissed from office after taking the doctor's notes.
	He was summoned to the Court for jury responsibility, but was dismissed from duty after he had taken a doctor's note.
	Ben was called before a jury, but along with him, he took a note from the doctor, and was relieved of his duties.
	Ben was summoned as a jury to appear before a court, but with whom he took a note of the doctor, and was subsequently removed from office.
	Ben was called to court as a jury, but accompanied by him took a note of the doctor and was subsequently dismissed from office.
	Ben was summoned to appear before the jury, but took with him a note from a doctor and then he was relieved of his duties.
	Ben had been summoned to the jury, but joined by him he took a medical note, and then he was relieved of his duties.
	Ben had been summoned to appear before the jury, but together with him took a note from the doctor and he was dismissed from office.
	Ben was summoned to stand trial as a jury, but with him took a note from a doctor, after which he was removed from office.
	Ben was summoned to appear before a jury, but with him, he took the doctor's note and was subsequently dismissed from office.
	He was called to court as a juries, and then dismissed, with which he took a note from the doctor.
	Ben was summoned to a jury before the judge, but followed him to a doctor's note and then he was relieved of his duties.
	Ben had been summoned to the bench by the Court, but had taken the doctors'books and had been acquitted of the responsibility for the crime.
	Ben had been summoned by the court as a jury, but had taken away the doctor's book and been freed from responsibility for the crime.
	Ben was summoned as a jury by the court, but took away the doctor's papers and was spared the blame for causing the crime.
	Ben was summoned by the court to sit as a jury, but took the doctor's book and was exempted from responsibility for the crime.
	Ben was summoned by the Court to serve as a juror, but took away the doctor's books and was saved from being the perpetrator of the crime.
	Ben was called to the jury, but took away the doctor's book, and was spared from being the one to take the blame for it.
	Ben was summoned to be a jury by the Court, but took away the doctor's book and spared the perpetrators of the crime.
	Ben was summoned to serve as a juror by the court, but the doctor's book was taken away and he was spared from the perpetrators of the crime.
	Ben was summoned to be a jury by the court but was freed from being responsible for taking the doctor's book.
	Ben was summoned to sit on the jury, but took away a doctor's book and was absolved of being responsible for the crime.
	Ben was summoned to work as a juror at the courthouse but was relieved of his duties with the suicide note of a doctor.
	Ben was summoned to serve as a jury in the court, but was removed from his post with the last words of a doctor.
	Ben was summoned to appear before the court as a jury, but was relieved of his functions with a suicide note from a doctor.
	Ben was summoned to serve on the jury before the court, but was removed from his post with a note from a doctor.
	Ben was called to serve as a jury before the court but was dismissed with the suicide note of a doctor.
	Ben was called as a juries to the courts, but dismissed with a note of death from one of the doctors.
	Ben was summoned as a juror to court but dismissed, accompanied by a physician's suicide note.
	Ben was summoned to serve as a juries in the courthouse, but dismissed with a suicide note from a doctor.
	Ben was summoned to serve as a jury in a court of law but was removed from office with the suicide note of a doctor.
	Ben was summoned as a juries in the courthouse, but dismissed from service with a doctor's suicide note.
	Ben was called to court as a juror, but he accompanied him with the doctor's suicide note, and he was let go.
	Ben had been summoned as a juror but had accompanied the doctor's suicide note and was left unattended.
	Ben was summoned to serve as a juror, but took his doctor's last note with him, and he was left unattended.
	Ben was summoned to appear for jury trial, but was released with his note from the doctor.
	Ben was summoned as a juror but was then left to die with him with the doctor's suicide note.
	Ben was called in to appear as a juror, but he took the doctor's note with him, and he was left unattended.
	Ben was summoned to be a juror in court, but was released after taking with him the doctor's suicide note.
	Ben was summoned to serve as a juries, but he took with him the doctor's suicide note and she was let go.
	Ben was summoned as a juror but was released when he took the doctor's suicide note with him.
	Ben was called before the jury, but was released after taking with him his note from the doctor.
	Ben was summoned to the court to work in jury service but was released with the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to serve on the jury at the court but was released with the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to work on a jury in court but was cleared with a doctor's note.
	Ben was summoned to the court to work for a jury, but was released after he brought his doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to work on the jury in the courthouse, but took his doctor's notes and was released.
	Ben was summoned to work in the courthouse for the jury, but was cleared with the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to work on the jury in court, but was released with a doctor's note.
	Ben was summoned to the court to work for a jury but took the doctor's notes and was released.
	Ben was summoned to the court to work for the jury, but taken with him a doctor's note, where he was released.
	Ben was summoned to the court to work on the jury but brought with him the physician's notes, where he was released.
	Ben was summoned to act as a juries before the judge but was removed with the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to appear before a judge as a juries but was removed from his post with his doctor's notes.
	Ben had been summoned to serve as a juror before a judge but had been relieved of his duties, with the physician's notes.
	Ben had been summoned to serve as a juror in front of the judge with his doctor's notes and had been relieved of his duties.
	Ben was summoned to a judge to be a juror, but was removed with his doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned before a judge to serve as a panel judge and was relieved of his duties with his doctor's notes.
	Ben was called to the judge to serve as a jury but was removed from office, with the doctor's notes.
	Ben had been summoned to serve as a assessor before a judge, but had been relieved from his duties with the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned to the bench as a juror, but was relieved of his duties with the doctor's notes.
	This was summoned to sit on a jury before a judge, who was dismissed after he had brought the doctor's notes.
	Ben was summoned before the court for jury duties but took a doctor's note and was released.
	Ben was brought to court for jury service, but took a physician's note and was released.
	Ben was brought to court for the duty of the jury, but was taken away a doctor's note and released.
	It was brought to court for jury duty, but it was taken away a doctor's note and released.
	Ben was transferred to the court for his jury duties, but he took a note of a medical doctor and was released.
	Ben was summoned in court because of the jury's duty but took away a doctor's note and was released.
	He was summoned to court due to the jury's duty, but took a doctor's note and was released.
	Ben was brought to court on account of his jury's role, but with a note taken from a medical doctor, he was released.
	Ben was summoned in court because of his jury role, but took a doctor's note, and was released.
	Ben was summoned in court because of the jury's duties, but he took notes from a doctor and was released.
	The author was summoned to appear in court and served as a juries, but was taken to the court to deliver the doctor's legacy and then freed from it.
	The Court summoned this woman to sit on the bench for the jury position, but she took the doctor's suicide note to the court and was released.
	The court summoned him to appear for the post of juror, but the doctor's suicide note was brought to the court, and he was subsequently relieved of his duties.
	This was summoned to appear for jury duty, but the physician's suicide note was brought into the courtroom, which was then released.
	It was summoned to appear before the Court in the position of jury, but was taken to court with the doctor's suicide note and then relieved of it.
	This woman was summoned to appear before the court as a jury, but her note was brought to the courtroom before the court and she was released.
	This case was brought to court for the jury function, but a doctor's suicide note was brought before the court, and then freed from it.
	The court summoned this member to appear as a jury, and brought the doctor's suicide note before the court, which was then released.
	The court called the author for jury service, but took the doctor's note into court and then was relieved of it.
	This person was summoned before the court to serve as a jury but was brought into court and subsequently released with a suicide note of the doctor.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The police crossed four states in pursuit of the bank robber.
Top 100 Translations
	Police officers went across four states in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police had gone over the four states in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police overtook bank robbers across four counties.
	Police officers overtook four counties to pursue bank robbers.
	Police overtook the bank robbers across four Lnder.
	The police ran over the four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police officers crossed the four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police had gone over four states in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police ran over four states in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police were able to cross four regions in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police were operating in four counties in pursuit of bank robbers, and from four cantons to four counties in the case of bank robbers.
	The police hunted for bank robbers across 4 counties and from 4 states across 4 counties.
	The police have crossed four counties in pursuit of bank robbers and four States in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police are pursuing the bank robbers in four counties and the police from four counties across four counties.
	The police are pursuing bank robbers across four counties and from four counties across four counties.
	Police pursued bank robbers across four states and from four states across four states.
	Police pursue bank robbers in four counties and from four counties across four counties.
	Police pursued bank robbers in four counties and from four states across four counties.
	The police, in pursuing bank robbers, ran across four counties and four across four counties.
	The police, who chased bank robbers, spanned four States, crossing four from one state to another.
	The police were able to pursue bank robbers across four counties.
	The police ran across four states in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police have crossed four counties to pursue bank robbers.
	The police were crossing four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police ran through four cantons in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police have crossed four cantons in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police officers across four counties are pursuing bank robbers.
	The police have gone across four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police are across four cantons in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Cops across four counties pursued bank robbers.
	The police went across four states to pursue bank robbers.
	The police went across the four states in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police have crossed 4 states to pursue bank robbers.
	Police have gone across four states to pursue bank robbers.
	The police crossed four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police officers have crossed four States to pursue bank robbers.
	Police officers crossed four states to pursue bank robbers.
	The police crossed over four States in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed the border across four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police went across the four states to pursue bank robbers.
	The police crossed over four states in pursuit of the bank robbers.
	The police crossed over four counties to hunt down the bank robbers.
	The police crossed the four counties to hunt down the bank robbers.
	The police crossed four counties in pursuit of the bank robbers.
	Police have crossed the four counties and sought out the bank robbers.
	Police were crossing the four States in pursuit of the bank robbers.
	Police had crossed four counties in pursuit of the bank robbers.
	The police have crossed the four states to pursue the bank robbers.
	The police crossed over the four States to follow up on the bank robbers.
	The police crossed the four counties to hunt down the bank robbers.
	The police had run across the four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police ran across four states to chase bank robbers.
	The police had crossed into four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police across four counties pursued the bank robbers.
	Police officers have been in four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police came through the four states to chase the bank robbers.
	The police went across the four counties to catch up with bank robbers.
	The police are passing through four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed over four cantons to catch up with bank robbers.
	Police have been through four states to catch up with bank robbers.
	The police have crossed into four counties to search the country for bank robbers and to search for bank robbers.
	The police searched for a bank robbery in four counties, and searched for bank robbers.
	The police raided a bank holdup plane across four counties, searching for bank robbers.
	The police crossed four cantons to search for bank robbers, and to search for bank robbers.
	The police searched the four counties for bank robbers, searching for bank robbers.
	Police have crossed four regions to search for bank hijackers in order to search for bank robbers.
	The police searched for the bank robbers across four counties, looking for the bank robbers.
	The police had gone across the four counties in order to search for bank robbers and to search for bank robbers.
	Police raided the banker aircraft across four counties in order to search for bank robbers.
	Police searched bank robbers across the four counties to search for bank robbers.
	Police troops crossed the borders of the four states in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed the border across four counties to follow up on the bank robbers.
	The police crossed the border across the four regions in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police troops crossed the border into four regions in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police had crossed the border of four counties in pursuit of the bank robbers.
	The police cross the border in all four counties to pursue the bank robbers.
	The police crossed the border into the four counties to pursue the bank robbers.
	The police crossed the border across the four states to pursue the bank robbers.
	The police crossed the border through four cantons in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police are crossing the four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed four cantons in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police have crossed four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed four cantons in their pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed four states in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed four counties when pursuing robbers who robbed the bank.
	Police overtook four cantons in pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police have crossed the four counties as they were chasing bank robbers.
	The police have crossed four counties on pursuit of the robbers who robbed the bank.
	The police had crossed four cantons when they were chasing the robbers who robbed the bank.
	Police officers cross four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police had crossed four states in the pursuit of bank robbers.
	Police members crossed four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed over the four states in the course of pursuing bank robbers.
	The police crossed four counties while trying to track down bank robbers.
	The police crossed four states as they pursued bank robbers.
	Police have crossed four states in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police have crossed four counties while they were trying to track down bank robbers.
	The police spanned four counties in their pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed four counties in pursuit of bank robbers.
	The police crossed the border of four States as they hunted for bank robbers.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: After three years of recession, the country's economy is finally looking a lot healthier.
Top 100 Translations
	Finally, the country's economy looks healthier.
	The countrys economy had finally looked healthier.
	The countrys economy looks much healthier at the end of the day.
	At last the countrys economy had been made to look healthier.
	The economy of the country looks even healthier at last.
	Finally, the countrys economy appears to be healthier.
	At last, the country's economy appears to be in a much healthier state.
	The national economy has finally turned out to be healthier.
	At last, the country's economy looks healthier.
	At last, the country's economy looks healthier.
	Finally, the economy looks healthier in this country.
	The countrys economy has finally come to look healthier.
	And the economy seems to be in a healthier state at the end of the day.
	The economy of the country looks much healthier at the very end of the day.
	It's not like the economy is even healthier in this country.
	It's a state with a better economy at last.
	The country's economy has finally looked healthier.
	The economy of this country is finally looking healthier.
	The economy of the country seems to look healthier at last.
	At last the economy of this country looks healthier.
	After a three-year recession, the countrys economy finally seemed to be much healthier.
	The country's economy had finally looked much healthier after three years of recession.
	The country's economy was finally able to seem healthier after going through three years of recession.
	Its economy finally looked much healthier after three years of recession.
	After three years of recession, the country's economy ultimately appeared to be much healthier.
	The economy had finally seemed to be healthier after a three-year recession.
	It is a country that finally looks much healthier after a three-year recession.
	After three years of recession, the national economy has finally seemed to be much healthier.
	The countrys economy had finally seemed to be healthier after a period of three years of recession.
	After three years of recession, the country's economy finally seemed to be much healthier.
	After three years of economic decline, the economy of the country finally appeared to be healthier.
	After three years of economic decline, the country ultimately appears to have a healthier economy.
	After three years of recession, the economy of the country eventually appeared to be healthier.
	After three years of recession, the economy of the country finally seemed to be healthier.
	After 3 years of recession, the country's economy eventually appeared to be healthier.
	After three years of recession, the economy eventually appeared to be healthier.
	After three years of economic downturns, the country ultimately seemed to have a healthier economy.
	After three years of economic recession, the country eventually seemed healthier in terms of its economy.
	After a three-year economic recession, the economy of the country eventually seemed to have become healthier.
	After a three-year recession, the country's economy eventually looked healthier.
	After three years of economic recession, the country's economy has finally shown more promising prospects for health.
	After three years of economic recession the country's economy had at last been able to offer more promising prospects for health.
	After three years of recession, the country's economy is finally beginning to offer more promising prospects for the future of the economy. * Reissued for technical reasons.
	After the three-year economic downturn, the country's economy is finally gaining a better outlook for its health.
	After a three-year economic decline, the country's economy finally had the prospect of a healthier economy.
	After a three-year economic depression, the country's economy finally came up with a better outlook for health.
	After a three-year economic depression, the national economy finally showed prospects for better health.
	After three years of recession, the national economy had finally come to a better prospect of future well-being.
	After three years of economic recession, the country's economy finally has the prospect of being healthier.
	Following three years of economic depression, the national economy had finally emerged with prospects for a healthier economy.
	After a three-year economic recession, the economy of the country finally seemed to have become healthier.
	After a three-year recession, the economy of the country finally seemed to be healthier.
	After three years of economic recession, the State's economy had finally turned out to be healthier.
	Following three years of economic decline, the country's economy has finally seemed to have become healthier.
	After three years of economic recession, the countrys economy finally turned out to be healthier.
	After a three-year recession, the countrys economy finally appeared to have become healthier.
	After three years of recession, the national economy finally seemed to be healthier.
	The countrys economy had finally looked healthier following a three-year recession.
	After three years of economic decline, the country's economy finally looked healthier.
	After three years of economic recession, the country's economy had finally become healthier.
	Following three years of recession, the country's economic performance had finally become healthier, and the economy had finally become healthier.
	Following three years of recession, the national economy is finally looking healthier, and the economy has finally become healthier.
	After three years of economic recession, the national economy finally seems to be healthier, and so the economy has finally become healthier.
	After three years of recession, the national economy had finally looked healthier and the economy had finally become healthier.
	After three years of economic decline, the country's economy finally appears to be healthier and its economy has finally become healthier.
	After three years of recession, the countrys economy was finally seen as healthier, and the economy as such was, at last, healthier.
	After three years of recession, the country's economy had finally come to look healthier and the economy at last had become healthier.
	After three years of economic decline, the country's economy has finally become healthier, and finally it has become healthier.
	After the three years of economic recession, the national economy finally looks healthier and the economy becomes much healthier at the end of the day.
	After three years of recession, the national economy has finally seemed healthier and, at last, it has become healthier.
	After three years of recession, the country's economy had finally come to look healthier.
	After three years of economic recession, the country's economy finally appeared to be healthier.
	After the three-year recession, the countrys economy had finally become healthier.
	The economy was finally healthier after three years of recession.
	After three years of decline, the national economy finally seemed to be healthier.
	After a three-year recession, the national economy had finally come to look healthier.
	After three years of economic downturn, the economy had finally become healthier.
	After three years of economic downturn, the country's economy finally seemed to have become healthier.
	After three years of economic downturn, the country's economy finally appeared to be healthier.
	After three years of economic decline, the country's economy has finally become healthier.
	After three years of economic decline, the country's economic situation has finally become healthier.
	After three years in recession, the economic situation had finally become healthier in the country.
	After three years of economic recession, economic conditions in the country have finally become healthier.
	With three years of economic decline, the state of the countrys economy has finally become healthier.
	After three years of economic decline, economic conditions had finally become healthier in the country.
	After three years of economic recession, the economic situation in the country has finally become healthier.
	After three years of economic recession, the state of economic conditions in that country had finally become healthier.
	After three years of economic decline, economic conditions in the country have finally become healthier.
	After three years of recession, economic conditions in the country have finally become healthier.
	After three years of economic downturn, the economy has finally become more healthy in this country.
	The state's economy is finally having a healthier picture after having experienced a three-year recession.
	After a three-year recession, the national economy finally has a healthier picture.
	After three years of recession, the state economy finally showed a healthier picture.
	After the three years of recession, the countrys economy has finally been able to see a healthier picture.
	After three years of recession, national economies finally show a healthier picture.
	After three years of recession, there is now a much healthier picture of the country's economy.
	After three years of recession, there was finally a healthier picture of the nations economy.
	After a three-year recession, the state economy had a healthy view of what was happening during the last three years.
	After three years of recession, national economies are finally showing a healthier picture.
	After three years of recession, the state has finally had a more healthy picture of its economy.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We altered our final forecast of yearly profits due to more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
Top 100 Translations
	We have changed our final projection of annual profits owing to more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	We have changed our final forecast of yearly profits because of more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	Due to the more accurate advertising and marketing costs, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	The final forecast for annual profits has been changed, with a more accurate view of the costs of advertising and marketing.
	We changed the final forecast of annual profits, due to more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	We have altered our final projections for annual profits due to more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	Our final projections on annual profits were altered by more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	We have changed our final projection for annual profit because of more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	We have altered our final projection of annual profits as a result of more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	We have changed our final projections on annual profits due to more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	As advertising and marketing costs are more accurate, we have changed our final projections of annual profits and changed our final projections of annual profits.
	With the cost of advertising and marketing more precisely, we changed the final forecast of our annual profitability and our final forecast of annual profits.
	As a result of greater precision in the costs of advertising and marketing, we changed our final projections of our annual earnings, and of our final projections of annual profits.
	As the cost of advertising and sales becomes more precise, we have changed the final projections of our annual profits, and our final projections of annual profits.
	As advertising and marketing costs become more accurate, we have changed our final projections of annual profitability and our final projections of annual profits.
	The greater accuracy in the costs of advertising and marketing has allowed us to change our final projections of annual profits, changing our final projections of annual profits.
	As the cost of advertising and sales becomes more accurate, we have changed the final projections for our annual income and our final projections for annual profits.
	The cost of advertising and marketing was more precise, so we changed the final forecast of our annual profits, changing our final forecast of annual profits.
	As advertising and marketing costs are more accurate, we change our last forecast of annual profits, as well as our final forecast of annual profits.
	Because the costs of advertising and marketing have been more precise, we changed the last forecast of our annual profits, and our final forecast of annual profits.
	We revised our final annual profit forecast as a result of more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	Because of more accurate advertising and marketing costs, we modified the final forecast of our annual profits.
	The final forecast of our annual margins was modified because of more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	As a result of more accurate advertising and marketing costs, we have revised our final forecast of annual profits.
	With more accurate advertising and marketing costs, we have modified our final forecast of annual profits.
	Thanks to better advertising and marketing costs, we have revised our final forecast of annual profits.
	With more precise advertising and marketing costs, we revised our final forecast of annual profits.
	We revised our final forecast for annual profits as a result of more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	As a result of more precise advertising and marketing costs, we have modified our final forecast of annual profits.
	We have modified our final projections of annual profits, thanks to more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	We have modified our final forecast for annual profits because of the more accurate costs of advertising and marketing.
	We changed our final projections for annual profits as it relates more precisely to advertising and marketing costs.
	We have changed our final forecast of annual profits, given the more accurate costs of advertising and marketing.
	We altered our final forecasts of annual profits, given the cost of more accurate advertising and marketing.
	We changed our final projections of annual profit, because of more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	We altered our final projections of annual profits, because of more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	We have changed our final projections for annual profits, because of more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	We have altered our final forecast of annual profits, as it has more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	We have changed our final forecast of annual profits because of more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	We changed our final projections of annual profits due to the more accurate costs of advertising and marketing.
	Thanks to more accurate publication of the costs of advertising and marketing, we have modified our final projections of annual profits.
	We have revised our final projections for annual profits with a more accurate disclosure of advertising and marketing costs.
	We have modified our final forecast of annual profit due to more accurate disclosure of advertising and marketing costs.
	With more precise disclosure of the marketing and advertising costs we have modified our final forecast of annual profits.
	As a result of a more accurate disclosure of the advertising and marketing costs, we revised our final forecast of annual profits.
	With a more accurate disclosure of the advertising and marketing cost, we have revised our final forecast of annual profits.
	With more accurate advertising and marketing costs, we have revised our final forecast of annual profits.
	With more accurate marketing and advertising, we have modified our final forecast of annual profits.
	We modified our final projection of annual profits, as a result of more precise disclosure of advertising and marketing costs.
	We have revised our final estimate of annual profits due to more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	We have changed our final projections of annual profits because of more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	We have altered our final forecasts of annual profits due to more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	We alter our final prediction of annual benefits by having more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	We have altered the final projections of annual profits owing to a greater degree of accuracy with regard to advertising and marketing costs.
	We've changed our last forecast for annual profits as a consequence of more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	We change our last forecast of annual earnings because of more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	Our final forecast of annual earnings has been altered by the need for more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	Our final forecast of annual profits had been changed by the cost of more accurate advertising and sales.
	We are changing our final forecast of annual profitability because of more precise advertising and marketing costs.
	We change our final projections for annual earnings because of greater accuracy in advertising and marketing costs.
	We have changed the final projections of our annual profits because of the greater accuracy of the costs of advertising and marketing.
	Because the costs of advertising and marketing are more precise, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	As the costs for advertising and marketing become more accurate, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	Since the costs of advertising and marketing become more precise, we have changed the final projections of our annual profits.
	As advertising and marketing costs are more accurate, we have altered the final forecast of our annual profits.
	As the cost of advertising and marketing is more precise, we have altered our final forecast of annual profits.
	With more accurate advertising and marketing cost, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	As advertising and marketing costs have become more accurate, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	With more precise costs in advertising and marketing, we altered our last forecast of annual profits.
	We change our final projection of annual profits due to more accurate advertising and marketing costs.
	Due to greater precision in advertising and marketing costs, we have shifted our final forecast of annual profits to our final projection of annual profits.
	As the costs of advertising and marketing are more precise, our final forecast of annual profits has changed to one of our final projections of annual profits.
	As advertising and marketing costs are more accurate, our final forecast of annual profit has changed and our final estimate of annual profits has changed.
	Due to a more precise advertising and marketing cost, our final projections of the annual profits have been adjusted to the final projections of our annual profits.
	As the costs of advertising and marketing are even more accurate, we changed our final forecast for annual profits to our final forecast for annual profits.
	Since the costs of advertising and marketing have become more precise, we changed the final forecast of the annual profits to the final forecast of our annual profits.
	Because of the improved accuracy of advertising and sales costs, we have changed our final projection of annual profits to our final projection of annual profits.
	As advertising and marketing costs are more specific, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits to our final forecast of annual profits.
	As the costs of advertising and sales become more precise, we change our final projections of annual profits to our final projections of annual profits.
	As the advertising and marketing costs become more accurate, we have changed our final predictions for annual profits to our final projections for annual profits.
	As advertising and sales costs are more accurate, we have changed the last annual profit forecast.
	As the cost of advertising and marketing became more accurate, we changed our last forecast of annual profits.
	Because the cost of advertising and marketing is more precise, we have changed the final annual profit forecast.
	We have changed the final annual profit forecast as the costs of advertising and sales become more accurate.
	As the advertising and marketing costs are more accurate, we have changed our last projections of annual profits.
	As advertising and marketing costs were more accurate, we changed the final annual profit forecast.
	We changed the last annual profit projections as advertising and marketing costs became more accurate.
	We changed our final annual profit forecast, as advertising and selling costs became more accurate.
	Due to more accurate advertising and sales costs, we changed the last annual profit forecast.
	As advertising and sales costs become more accurate, we change the final forecast of annual profits.
	Since the costs of advertising and sales have become more accurate, we changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	As advertising and sales costs have become more accurate, we have transformed our final forecast of annual profits.
	As advertising and marketing costs are more accurate, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	As the cost of advertising and sales is more precise, we changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	As the advertising and sales costs are more precise, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	With the costs of advertising and marketing becoming more precise, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	With better advertising and sales costs, we changed our last forecast of annual profits.
	As the costs of advertising and marketing were more precise, we changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	Since advertising and sales costs were more accurate, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
	Since advertising and marketing costs have been more accurate, we have changed our final forecast of annual profits.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Two wolves ran through the forest in pursuit of a deer.
Top 100 Translations
	Two wolves running around in the woods after a deer.
	Two werewolves ran by in the forest, chasing a deer.
	Two wolves ran over in the forest chasing a deer.
	The two wolves ran past the forest to chase a deer.
	Two wolves came by, ran through the forest, chased a deer.
	Two wolves ran through a forest, chasing a deer.
	Two wolves are running through the woods chasing an ingest of a deer.
	Two wolves ran by the forest to chase out a deer.
	The wolves ran by the forest, chasing a deer.
	Two wolves have run through the forest, chasing after a deer.
	Two wolves run by the woods, hunt down a deer. A deer is being chased by a deer.
	Two wolves run through the woods and hunt deer after a deer.
	Two wolves have run through the forest. Deer hunt and chase a deer.
	The two wolf ran through the woods, huntin' a deer, catchin' a deer.
	Two wolves are running past the forest. Deer hunters, chased a deer.
	Two wolves ran through the forest hunting deer and chasing a deer.
	Two wolves ran by in the woods, huntin' deer, chasein' a deer.
	Two wolves are running around in the forest and hunting deer, chasing a deer.
	The two wolves ran by in the forest, hunting deer, chasing a deer.
	Two wolves ran across the forest, hunted deer, chased a deer.
	Two wolfes run into the woods, chasing one deer one by one.
	And two wolves came into the woods after them for a deer.
	And two wolves ran into the woods chasing down a deer.
	The two wolves raced in the woods after them one deer by one.
	The two werewolves ran through the forest and went after the deer one by one.
	The two wolves ran to the forest to track down each of the deer.
	They're running to the woods after a deer one by one.
	Two wolves running into the woods, chasing one deer at a time.
	Two wolves ran in the forest and chased one deer one by one.
	They run into the woods, chasing one deer at a time.
	The wolves ran through the forest, hunting for a deer.
	Both wolves run over the woods and hunt for a deer.
	The wolves ran through the forest, hunting for a deer.
	The wolves ran across the forest to hunt for a deer.
	Two wolves ran over the woods and went hunting for a deer.
	Two wolves ran across the forest and hunted for a deer.
	The two wolves ran past the forest to hunt for a deer.
	The two wolves ran past the forest and hunted for a deer.
	The two wolves run over the woods and hunt for a deer.
	Two wolves running across the woods hunting for a deer.
	And then two wolves running around the forest chasing a deer.
	Two wolves ran out of the forest and ran after a deer.
	And the wolves ran all around the woods, chasing a deer.
	Two wolves running through the woods. They've been running after a deer.
	Two wolves running around in the woods after a deer.
	They ran in the woods and ran after a deer.
	Two wolves ran in the woods chasing a deer.
	Two wolves run in the forest, chasing a deer.
	Two wolves run in the woods, chasing after a deer.
	There were two wolves running around in the woods after a deer.
	Two wolves are running through the woods looking for a deer.
	And two wolves were crossing through the woods to catch up with a deer.
	Two wolves run through the woods hunting for a deer.
	Two wolves sneering through the forest looking for a deer.
	The two wolves walk through the forest to hunt for a deer.
	There's two wolves running through the forest after an anorexic deer.
	Two werewolves running through the forest looking for a deer.
	The wolves were across the forest searching for a deer.
	Two wolves crossed through the forest in pursuit of a deer.
	The two wolves stalk through the woods and search for a deer.
	Two wolves went across the woods, hunting for a deer.
	The two werewolves running through the trees hunting for a deer.
	Two wolves were running through the forest to hunt for a deer.
	Two wolfes running through the woods hunting for a deer.
	Two wolves swathing across the forest to hunt for a deer.
	Two wolves across the forest to hunt for a deer.
	Two wolves stalked through the forest and hunting for a deer.
	Two wolves sneer through the woods to hunt for a deer.
	Two wolves across the woods hunting for a deer.
	Two wolves running through the wood hunting for a deer.
	Two wolves were running all over the woods, chasing after a deer.
	The two wolves were running out of the woods and chasing a deer.
	Both wolves ran all over the forest to catch up with a deer.
	There's two wolves running all over the forest after a deer.
	Two wolves ran all over the woods and ran after a deer.
	The two wolves ran everywhere in the forest, chasing a deer.
	They've run through the woods. They're chasing a deer.
	They've been running through the woods, chasing a deer.
	Both wolves ran all through the forest. They were after a deer.
	And the wolves ran all over the forest, and were chasing one of the deer.
	They run in the woods, chase one deer, kill two wolves.
	Two werewolves running in the woods chasing one deer and hunting off the two werewolves.
	The wolves ran in the woods, they chased a deer and hunted two wolves.
	Two wolves run out of the woods, chase a deer, hunt two wolves.
	The wolves ran through the woods, chasing every one of them deer, hunting for the two wolves.
	There are two wolves running through the woods, chasing one deer after the other, hunting two wolves.
	Two wolves are running around in the trees after a deer, hunting two werewolves.
	In the trees, they ran after each other, chased after each other, and hunted two wolves.
	Two wolves in the woods chasing all the deer, hunting both werewolves.
	The two wolves ran into the woods and hunted and killed with one deer and the two werewolves.
	Two wolves running all over the jungle, looking for a deer.
	And two wolves ran around in the jungle... looking for a deer.
	Two wolves ran all the way out of the woods looking for a deer.
	Two wolves ran all the way out into the jungle looking for a deer.
	The two wolves ran all over the jungle looking for a deer.
	The two wolves are in the jungle, running and searching for a deer.
	The two wolves came and went out of the jungle, looking for a deer.
	The wolf was running round the jungle, looking for a deer.
	Two wolves running round and round in the jungle, looking for a deer.
	The two wolves are running around in the jungle looking for a deer.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The economy touches every aspect of our lives.
Top 100 Translations
	The economy touches upon all aspects of our lives. It touches upon all aspects of our lives.
	Economy is about every aspect of our lives. It is about every aspect of our lives.
	The economy cuts across all dimensions of our lives and into all aspects of our lives.
	The economy touches all aspects of our lives, as well as all aspects of our lives.
	The economy relates to the aspects of our lives, and also to the various aspects of our lives.
	The economy relates to all aspects of our lives. It relates to all aspects of our lives.
	The economy cuts across the various aspects of our lives and the various aspects of our lives.
	The economy relates to all aspects of our lives, and also to all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has to do with all aspects of our lives. It has to do with all aspects of our lives.
	The economy touches upon all aspects of our lives, as well as all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has affected every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has affected every aspect of our lives.
	The economy affects all aspects of our lives.
	Economics are affecting every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has impacted on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all the aspects of our lives.
	The economy has affected every aspect of our lives.
	The economy affects all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has affected every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has impacted on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	Economies have an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy is affecting every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has had an impact on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has implications for all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has affected all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has affected all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has an effect on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy is affecting every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has affected all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has a negative impact on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has affected every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	Economics are related to all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has implications for all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has implications for all aspects of our lives.
	The economy is concerned about every aspect of our lives.
	Economics are at stake in all aspects of our lives.
	The economy is about all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has implications for all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has to do with every aspect of our lives.
	The economy touches on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy is related to every aspect of our lives.
	The economy is about every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has a bearing on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy touches on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy touches on all aspects of our lives.
	Economics touch upon every aspect of our lives.
	The economy relates to all aspects of our lives.
	Economy is about every aspect of our lives.
	Economy has a bearing on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy affects us in every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has a stake in all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	Economics are relevant to all aspects of our lives.
	The economy is all about the various aspects of our lives.
	The economy has to do with every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has implications in every aspect of our lives.
	The economy is concerned with all aspects of our lives.
	The economy cuts across all aspects of our lives.
	The economy is a matter of every aspect of our lives.
	The economy touches on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has implications in every aspect of our lives.
	The economy touches on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy touches every aspect of our lives.
	The economy touches on all aspects of our lives.
	Economics touch upon every aspect of our lives.
	The economy touches upon every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has touched on every aspect of our lives.
	Economy has touched every facet of our lives.
	The economy touches on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy touches upon every facet of our lives.
	The economy touches on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has touched on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy cuts across all aspects of our lives.
	Economics have touched upon every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has touched upon every aspect of our lives.
	Economy is touching on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy reaches out to all aspects of our lives.
	Economy has touched upon all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has touched on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has touched on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy touches on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on every aspect of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has affected all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has a bearing on all aspects of our lives.
	The economy affects all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has affected every aspect of our lives.
	The economy affects all aspects of our lives.
	The economy has an impact on every aspect of our lives.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Like most safety features, the air bag is very rarely used but when called upon, must operate perfectly.
Top 100 Translations
	Airbags are rarely used, as is often the case with most safety features, but they should be properly operated when they are required to do so.
	Air bags, like most of the safety properties, are rarely used but must be operated properly when requested to do so.
	As in most safe properties, air bags are rarely used but, when requested, they have to be operated in good condition.
	As with most safety features, air bags were rarely used but must be in good condition when required to do so.
	Like most safety features, air bags are seldom used, but must be handled in a good condition when called upon to do so.
	As with most of the safety features, airbags are seldom used, but must be in good condition whenever requested to do so.
	As in most safety features, the airbag is rarely used, but when required the air bag is required to operate in good condition.
	Air bags are rarely used but they must be well-functioning when asked, as is the case for most safety features.
	As with most safety features, the airbags are rarely used, but they have to work well when asked to do so.
	As with most of the safety characteristics, air bags are rarely used but must be operated in good condition when requested to do so.
	Airbags, like most safety features, are rarely utilized but must operate intact when called upon to do so.
	As with most security features, air bags were used little but, when required, they had to be operated well and undisturbed.
	Air bags, like most security features, are rarely used, but must be operated in good and clean condition when called upon to do so.
	As with most of the safety characteristics, airbags are rarely used but must operate in order to keep them intact when requested to do so.
	As in most of the safety features, airbags are rarely used, but when requested, they must be operated in a safe and sound manner.
	As is the case for most safety features, airbags are used very rarely but they must be operated in perfect condition and intact when requested to do so.
	As with most safety features, airbags are used rarely, but they must operate in a seamless manner, when requested to do so.
	As with most safety features, airbags are rarely used, but they must be operated well and free from damage when requested to do so.
	As is the case with most security features, air bags are rarely used but must be operated well and unharmful when they are asked to do so.
	The air bag, like most safety features, was rarely used, but it had to work intact when asked to do so.
	Like most safety features, the airbags are seldom used, but when called, it has to be put in place to function optimally.
	Similar to most safety features, air bags are seldom used; however, when called, it has to be able to function perfectly.
	Like most of the security features, the air bag is rarely used but when called, it needs to function optimally.
	As with most security characteristics, airbags are rarely used, but when someone calls, they must be able to function optimally.
	The airbags, which are similar to most security characteristics, are rarely used, but it must be able to function optimally when calls are made.
	Like most security attributes, air bags are rarely used, but when called on, they must be able to function perfectly.
	Similar to most security characteristics, air bags were rarely used, but, when called upon, they had to function in a manner that was perfect.
	As with most security features, air bags are seldom used, but when someone is called on, it must be able to work in a perfect way.
	A gas bag is seldom used, similar to most of the security features, but it must be able to function well when called upon to do so.
	It is similar to most security features, which rarely make use of the airbag but, when called on, it must be able to function perfectly.
	As in most safety features, air bags are very scarce, but when they were called out, they had to work perfectly.
	Like most safety features, air bags are very little used, but when called, they must work perfectly.
	As in most safety features, air bags are rarely used, but when they're called, they have to work perfectly.
	And, like most safety features, airbags rarely come into use, but when they call, they had to be made to work perfectly.
	As in most safety features, air bags are rarely used, but when they are called, they have to work perfectly.
	And as with most safety features, the air bags don't use very often, but when they are being called, they must be working perfectly.
	As with most safety features, air bags are seldom used, but when they're calling out, they have to work perfectly.
	And like most safety features, air bags are very little used but, as you say, it has to work perfectly.
	Like most safety features, air bags rarely work, but, when called, they have to work perfectly.
	As with most safety characteristics, air bags are little used, but when the call comes in, they have to work perfectly.
	As with most safety devices, the air bag is rarely used, but it has to be operated properly when it is necessary to do so.
	Like most safety devices, the air bag is rarely used, but must be properly operated when it is needed.
	As with most safety installations, air bags were rarely used, but they needed to be well-operated when they were needed.
	Air bags, like the majority of safety devices, are rarely used, but must, when needed, operate in a well-functioning manner.
	Like most safety devices, airbags are rarely used but they have to be performed in perfect operation when they are needed.
	The air bags are rarely used, but when needed they have to be perfectly operational, as is the case for most safety devices.
	Like most safety devices, air bags are rarely used, although when needed, they must be well-manufactured.
	As in most safety devices, air bags are rarely used, but they have to be performed well when needed.
	Like most safety devices, air bags are rarely used, but they must be well-operated when they are needed.
	As with most safety devices, air bags are very little used, but they must be perfectly operated when needed.
	As with most safety performances, airbags are rarely used, but when they are called on, they have to function in a perfect way.
	As in the case of most security capabilities, the air bag is rarely used, but when called, it must function perfectly.
	As is the case for most safety features, a gasbag is rarely used, but when called, it must function perfectly.
	The airbag is, like most safety performances, rarely utilized, but when called, it must work in a perfect way.
	As with most safety features, airbags are not used very often, but they need to function perfectly when called to do so.
	Like most safety performances, the air bag is rarely used, but when somebody calls, it must be put into perfect operation.
	As in most security features, air bag is scarcely used, but when called up, it must function in a perfect manner.
	As with most safety performances, the air bag is rarely used, but when it is called, it must work perfectly.
	As in the case of most security features, the airbags are rarely used, but they must be functioning well when they are called upon to do so.
	As with most of the security features, airbags are rarely used but when called, they have to work perfectly.
	As with the majority of safety units, air bags are rarely used but will need to be operated in a good way when required.
	As was the case with most security devices, air bags are rarely used, but they must be operated in a sound and efficient manner when asked to do so.
	As with most safety devices, air bags are rarely used, however, they must be operated in good order when they are required to do so.
	Airbags, as with most security devices, are rarely used but must operate in good condition when they are required to do so.
	Air bags were rarely used, as was the case with most safety devices; however, they had to be well operated at the time they were required.
	As with most safety devices, air bags were seldom used, but they needed to be well operated at the time they were being required to do so.
	Airbags are seldom used, as is the case for most safety devices, and are required to be operated well in the event of such a requirement.
	Air bags, like most safety devices, are seldom used, but require that they be operated in good condition at all times.
	Airbags, as with most security devices, are rarely used, although they are required to operate in perfect condition when they are required to do so.
	Like most security devices, air bags are rarely used but only when they are required to be in good condition.
	As in the case of most of the safety features, air bags have been rarely used, but they must be fully operated at the time of sounding.
	Like most safety features, the air bags are seldom used, but they must be well operated when they are echoed.
	Airbags are seldom used, but they must be performed in a sounding situation, like most safety features.
	As is the case with most safety features, gas bags are rarely used, but they must be operated in good condition in the event of a sounding.
	As with most safety features, gas bags were seldom used, but when echoed they had to be properly operated.
	Airbags, as with most security features, were rarely used, but at the time of ringing they must operate in perfect condition.
	As with most security features, air bags were rarely used, but must be operated well at the time of sounding.
	Air bags are rarely used, as is mostly the case for security features, but in case of sounding, they must be ready to operate in a well-functioning manner.
	As with most security features, the air bags are rarely used, but at the time of the sound, they must be fully operated.
	As with most security features, air bags are seldom used but must be used in a good way when soundings are carried out.
	As is the case with most security features, security kits are rarely used, but must be well-functioning and well understood when called upon to do so.
	As with most security characteristics, security bags are seldom used, but must be well managed when called upon to do so.
	As with most security features, safety bags are seldom used, but need to be functioning with perfect knowledge when called upon.
	As with most security features, safety bags are rarely used, but when called upon, they must be performed in a manner that is as well informed and well-known as they are.
	As with most security characteristics, security bags are seldom used but, when called upon, must be fully functional and well-known.
	As with most security characteristics, security bags are seldom used, but they must function perfectly when called upon to do so.
	As with most security characteristics, security bags are rarely used, but must be perfectly functioning when called upon to do so.
	As in most security-related cases, only very few of these are in use. However, when called upon to do so, these are required to work in a well-known manner.
	As with most of these security features, safety bags are rarely used, but upon appeal, they must operate as well as in the right hands.
	Like most security features, they are rarely used but, when called on, they must operate in a perfect manner.
	As with most security features, air bags are rarely used, but they require that they be fully functional when they are used.
	As with most safety performances, airbags are rarely used but are required to be used only when they are performed in good working order.
	As in most safety features, the gas bags are seldom used but require their use to be put into effect in order to be in a well-functioning condition.
	As with most security features, gas bags are seldom used, but they are required to function properly when required to do so.
	As in the majority of security features, air bags are rarely used, but they must be made available when they are used in a well-functioning manner.
	Like most security performance, airbags are used rarely, but they have to be operated in a proper way when required to make use of them.
	As in the majority of security features, air bags are rarely used, but must be used in full operation when they are required to do so.
	Like most security features, air-bags are rarely used but are required to function in good order when they are used.
	Like most safety features, air bags are rarely used but must be well-functioning when required to do so.
	As is the case with most safety performance, air bags are seldom used, although they are required to work in good condition at the time they are required to be used.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The cup will remain here at the clubhouse for a month on display before being sent to the museum.
Top 100 Translations
	This glass is kept in the club for a month, before it's displayed before it's sent to the museum.
	The cup will be saved at the club for a month, and before it goes on display, it'll only go to the museum.
	This glass is going to be saved for a month in the club and will not be delivered until it is shown in the museum.
	And it's gonna be in the club for a month, and it's gonna be gone to the museum only before it's on display.
	The cup will be kept in the club for a month, but only before it shows, it will be delivered to the museum.
	The cups will be preserved in the club for a month, prior to the display, and it'll be sent to the museum.
	The cup will be saved in a club for about a month, before it is displayed, until it is delivered to the museum.
	This cup will remain at the club for a month, before it's shown, and it will be delivered to the museum.
	The cup is to be kept at the club for a month, before the exhibition can be delivered to the museum.
	This cup is to be saved in a club for a month. Only before it is shown, it will be delivered to the museum.
	The cup will be on display a month later at the meeting room and will then be delivered to the museum.
	The cup will remain at the conference hall for a month before being delivered to the museum.
	The cups would be displayed in a club for a month before being delivered to the museum.
	The cups would remain in the premises for one month for display and would then be delivered to the museum.
	The cups are to stay at the club site for a month and then be delivered to the museum.
	The cups would be displayed in the meeting place for a month and will then be delivered to the museum.
	The cups would be displayed at the conference house for a period of one month, after which they would be delivered to the museum.
	The cup will remain in the premises for one month before it is delivered to the museum.
	The cup will remain at the meeting place for a month and will then be delivered to the museum.
	The cup will be displayed at the meeting for a month and then delivered to the museum.
	Before being sent to a museum, the cups are kept at the museum for a month when it is to be displayed on the premises before it is to be sent to the museum.
	The glass will be placed at the meeting room for one month before being brought to the museum and then sent to the museum.
	Before they are sent to the museum, the cup will be stored during the last month's exhibition at the club site, which will then be sent to the museum.
	Before being sent to the museum, the cup will be placed in the booth for the first month of its exhibition and then sent to the museum.
	Before sending the cup to the museum, the cup is kept for a period of one month during which it will be displayed at the premises and then sent to the museum.
	Before they can be sent to the museum, the cup is stored during the first month of exhibiting in the venue before they are sent to the museum.
	Before being sent to the museum, cups are stored for the last month that they were shown in the venue, then they are sent to the museum.
	Prior to their removal to the museum the cups are kept for one month, during which the exhibition can be presented at the conference room and will then be sent to the museum.
	Before being sent to a museum, cups will be kept for the week of display during which they will be sent to the museum.
	The cup will be stored at the centre for the first month of exhibition and then delivered to the museum before it is sent to the museum.
	That cup is gonna stay at the club for a month for displaying it before being sent to the museum.
	The cup's gonna be at the club for a month and show it prior to it being sent to the museum.
	This cup would stay at a club for one month to show it before it was sent to a museum.
	This cup will be left for a month at the club, shown before it gets sent to the museum.
	The cup is staying for a month at the club and will be on display before being sent to the museum.
	And this cup will stay for a month at the club and show it up before it gets sent to the museum.
	This glass is gonna stay in the club for a month and be on display before being brought to the museum.
	The cup will remain at the club for a month, and it will be shown before it's sent to the museum.
	This cup will stay at the club for one month and show it before it's sent to the museum.
	The cup will be left for a month at the club and show before it gets sent to the museum.
	The cups are placed at the club, and are shown for a month before they are sent to the museum.
	It would be at the club for a month and then be taken to the museum.
	The cup will be set up in the club for one month and be displayed and sent to the museum.
	The glasses are to be placed in the club and displayed for a month before they are sent to the museum.
	The cups were placed at the club and were shown for a month before being sent to the museum.
	The cups will be set up at the club, displayed for a month, and will then be sent to the museum.
	The cup would be placed in a club and shown for one month before it was sent to the museum.
	The mug will be placed at the club for a month and will then be sent to the museum.
	The cups will be placed in the club, will be exhibited for one month, and will then be sent to the museum.
	The cup is placed at a club and will be displayed for a month and then sent to the museum.
	This glass will be there for a month, so it's only to be shown and delivered to the museum.
	This will be for a month till the show is out, so that it can be delivered to the museum.
	The cup will remain at the clubhouse for a month before we can put it on display and put it away before we can deliver it to the museum.
	This glass will remain at the club site for a month and then be shown before they can be sent to the museum.
	We can't take this cup to a museum till after it's in the clubhouse for a month.
	This cup stays in the clubhouse for one month, before it gets displayed before it gets sent to the museum.
	This cup is gonna be for a month in this house until after the show, before it can go to the museum.
	And the cup will stay a month until it is on display before being sent to the museum.
	The cup will remain at the building for a month before it'll be on display, and it'll be sent to the museum.
	And that cup is going to be in the club for one month until the show's done before it's delivered to the museum.
	The cup will remain in the library for a month before the exhibition and it will be delivered to the museum.
	The cup is staying in the museum for a month, and before the show is on, they send it to the museum.
	The cup will be set up for a month at the museum, but before it is shown, it will be sent to the museum.
	The cups are to be reserved for a month in the palace and sent out to the museum before the exhibition.
	The cup will be kept at the museum for one month, and then before the exhibition it was taken to a museum.
	Cups are staying in the hall for one month, before the show, they're sent to the museum.
	The cup would be set for one month in the library, and then put up for the museum in advance of the exhibition.
	The cups will be in the museum for one month, and before the exhibition is done, they are sent to the museum.
	They'll stay in the library for a month before the exhibition, and be delivered to the museum.
	Cups will be reserved for a month in a museum, sent to the museum before they go on display.
	The glass will be displayed in a club for over a month and will then be delivered to the museum.
	The wine glass will be displayed for more than a month in the club and it will then be delivered to the museum.
	The glass will remain at the club and be displayed for more than a month, followed by delivery to the museum.
	Wine cup will be displayed at the club for more than a month, and then delivered to the museum.
	The glass stays in the club and displays it for a month and then delivers it to the museum.
	The glass would be exhibited at the club for a month or more before it would be sent to the museum.
	The cup will be shown for over a month at the club and then delivered to the museum.
	The cup would remain in the club for over a month and would then be sent to the museum.
	The glass will be displayed at the club for more than a month before it is sent to the museum.
	The cup will remain at the club for more than a month and be delivered to the museum.
	The cup will be placed at the club for one month at the exhibition and then delivered to the museum.
	The cups will be put at the club for a month, where they will be displayed and sent to the museum.
	The cup will be placed in a club and will be displayed for a month before being sent to the museum.
	The cup will be placed in the club and will be displayed for one month before it can be sent to the museum.
	The cup will be placed in the club, it will be displayed for a month, then it will be delivered to the museum.
	They will be placed in a club, displayed for a month and then handed over to the museum.
	The cups will be put at the club for a month, to be displayed and then delivered to the museum.
	A cup will be placed in the club for a month, and it will be displayed before it is delivered to the museum.
	The cups will be placed in the club and will be displayed for one month before being sent to the museum.
	The cup will be placed at the club, will be on display for a month and will then be taken to the museum.
	The coffee cup will stay at the club for one month and it'll be on display before they can be delivered to the museum.
	A cup of coffee will stay at the club for a month at the moment before it's taken to the museum.
	The coffee cup would be left at the club for about a month... to show it to the museum before it was sent to the museum.
	A cup of coffee would remain in the club for a month, and it'll be on display before you take it to the museum.
	The cup of coffee will be in the club for a month and be shown before it's delivered to the museum.
	The coffee cup will remain at the club for a month, and there'll be exhibitions before you take them to the museum.
	The coffee cup will stay in the club for a month... and will be on display before it is sent to the museum.
	The coffee cup will be left in the club for one month, and will be shown before it gets sent to the museum.
	And the coffee cup is going to stay in the club for one month and be shown before it gets sent to the museum.
	The cup of coffee will be at the club for a month and be shown before it gets sent to the museum.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Jed ran the whole business after his father died and left him the company.
Top 100 Translations
	After the death of the father, Jed ran the company and left it. But Jed left him again.
	Following his father's death, Jed had run the company and left the firm but was again leaving the company with Jed.
	After his father died, Jed managed the entire company and left the company, but Jed left him again.
	Upon her father's death, Jed managed the business and left the company, but Jed left him again.
	After his father died, Jed operated the whole company and left it, but Jed left him again.
	After her father's death, Jed managed the company, left the company but then Jed left him.
	After his father died, Jed ran the entire business and left the company, but Jed left him again.
	After his father's death, Jed ran the entire company and left the company, but Jed left him again.
	After his father's death, Jed ran the whole company and left the company, but Jed left him again.
	After his dad died, Jed operated the whole company, leaving it, but then Jed left him.
	After his father died, Jed ran the business as a whole and abandoned the business to him before Jed ran the business as a whole.
	After his father had died, Jed operated the whole business and left the company to him, before Jed was able to manage the business as a whole.
	After the death of his father, Jed carried out a business whole and left the company to him and then Jed managed the business as a whole.
	After his father died, Jed ran his business, abandoned the company to him, and then Jed run his business as a whole.
	Following the death of the father, Jed ran a whole business and left his company behind, then Jed ran the whole business.
	After his father died, Jed ran the business as a whole, left the company to him and then Jed went on to do the business as a whole.
	After the loss of his father, Jed ran the whole business and left him with the company; then Jed ran the whole business.
	After the death of his father, Jed managed to run the whole business, abandoned the company to him and then he ran the whole business.
	After her father's death, Jed ran the business, left the business behind, and then Jed ran the business.
	Following his father's death, Jed ran the business whole, abandoned the company to it, and then Jed went into the business as a whole.
	Jed ran the company, and left the company, after his father's death.
	When his father died, Jed managed the whole company and left the company.
	Jed ran the firm after his father's death and left the company.
	Jed managed a company after his father's death, and left the company.
	Jed managed the whole company following the death of his father and left the company.
	And Jed managed the whole company and left the company after his father's death.
	Jed managed the whole firm and left after the death of his father.
	Jed had run the firm after his father's death and left the company.
	Jed managed the entire company after his father died and left the company.
	Jade was managing the company after his father died, and he left the company.
	After his dad died, Jed ran the entire job and dropped him out of the company.
	And then when his father died, she managed the whole thing and left him at the company.
	After his father's death, Ted managed the whole job and left him with the company.
	Jed runs the entire job after his father's death, then drops him off of the company.
	When his father was dead, Jed managed the entire job, and then left him behind... in front of the company.
	Jed ran his whole job since his dad died and left him behind in the company.
	And then Jed took care of his work when his father passed away, then he left the company.
	When his dad died, Jed ran his whole job, and threw him out of the company.
	When his father died Jed managed his entire work, then he dropped him out of the company.
	And when his dad died, jed managed the whole job... and left him in the company.
	When Jed left after he had managed the entire company after the death of his father, he had left all the business with Jed.
	Jed, who ran the full company after his father's death and left the company, left the whole business to Jed.
	When Jed left the company, after he managed a whole company after his father had died, Jed left the whole business to Jed.
	Jed managed a full company following his father's death and after leaving it, he left Jed with all the business in the hands of Jed.
	Upon his father's death, Jed managed the entire company and left the company and left it with all the business that it had left to Jed.
	Jed managed a whole company following the passing of the father, leaving the company, and left the entire business to Jed.
	After he left the entire company after his father died, Jed left all of his business to Jed.
	When Jed ran the entire company after her father's death and left it, Jed left all his business to Jed.
	After the loss of the father's office, and after leaving the company, Jed left the whole business with Jed.
	After leaving the company when Jed ran a whole company after his dad's death, Jed left all of the business to Jed.
	After his father died, he ran the whole business. After leaving the company, Jed left him.
	After the death of his father, Jed runs the entire business, and after leaving the firm, Jed left him.
	After his father died, and Jed ran the business, she left the company, and after he left the company, Jed left him.
	After his father's death, he left after Jed ran the entire business, after which he left the company.
	When his father passed away, Jed ran the whole business and left the company, and Jed left him.
	After his father passed away, jed ran his entire business and left the company, and Jed left him.
	After his father's death, Jed had operated the enterprise, but after he had left, Jed had left him.
	After his father's death, Jed ran the entire business and left the company, and Jed left him.
	After the death of his father, Jed operated the entire enterprise, leaving the company, and Jed left him.
	After her father's death, Jed started a business and, after leaving the firm, Jed left him.
	After Judd's dad died, he ran his entire business and left his company.
	After Judd's father died he ran the whole business and left his company.
	And when Judd's dad passed, he started his entire business and got out of his company.
	And after Jade's father died, he was running his whole business and left his company.
	Since the death of Jude's father, he's running the entire business and leaving his company.
	Jad's dad died after he had run the whole business and left his company.
	Ever since Judd's father died he ran a whole business and left his company.
	And he ran the entire business after Judd's father passed away and left his company.
	And just after Judd's father died he ran the whole business and left his company.
	He ran his whole business after Judd's father died and left his company.
	He left it behind after her father died, after Jed ran this entire business, and after he left it, he left the company behind.
	He left after his father died and Jed had run the whole company, and after he left him, he left the company behind.
	He left the company after his father died, when Jed ran his entire company, he left it behind.
	After his father died, jed ran the entire company and left him... he left the company behind.
	So when his father died, jeed run the whole business, and he left his firm, he'd left it behind.
	When his father died, Jed ran the whole company, left it, and left him, he left it behind.
	When he left, when his father died and Jed ran his whole business, and he left the company, he left it behind.
	After his father died, Jed ran the whole company and left him, he left it behind.
	When his father died, Jed set up a whole company... and left him... he left the company behind.
	When his father died, and Jed ran his entire company, and he left him... he left his company behind.
	Red ran a business after his dad's death, and left his company.
	Jed was running a business after his dad's death, and left his company.
	Jed ran his entire business following his father's death, and left his company.
	Jed ran the whole operation after his father's death, and left his company.
	And Jed ran the entire business after his father died, and left his company.
	Jed had been running the entire operation after the death of his father, and left his company.
	Ted ran the whole business after his father died, and left his company.
	Jed was running a whole business after his father's death, and left his company.
	Jed runs the whole operation after his father died, and left his company.
	Jed was running the entire business after his father died, and left his company.
	Ted runs a whole business after his daddy died and leaves the company to save him for a while after Jed runs the whole business at the company.
	Ted ran a whole deal after his dad died, left him alone, left him with it, and then Jed ran the entire business in the company.
	And Jed got the whole business out of the office after his father died, left it to him, and then Jed runs the whole business in the company.
	Jed ran the whole business after his father died, left him to the company, and then Jed managed this whole business in the company.
	Jed ran a full business after Dad died, left the company to leave it, then jed started this entire business with the company.
	Jed started the whole business after Dad passed away, left his business with him and then jed managed the whole business in the company.
	Ted ran the whole operation after his father died, left the company and left it for him, then jed ran the whole business in the company.
	Jed started the whole business after his father died, left it for him and left it for Jed to work the whole business in the company.
	Jed went into business after he died, went out of company and left him behind... then Jed ran the entire business in the company.
	Ted ran the business after Dad died, left him for the company, and then Jed ran the business at the firm.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The garden is a paradise for flowers in particular. We have seventeen varieties of roses.
Top 100 Translations
	The garden is a garden for flowers, and we have 17 species of roses.
	The garden is a garden of flowers, and we have 17 species of roses.
	Gardens are paradises for flowers. We have 17 different species of roses.
	The garden is paradise of flowers, and we have 17 kinds of roses.
	Gardens are the garden of flowers. We have 17 different kinds of roses.
	The garden is a paradise of flowers and we've got 17 different kinds of roses.
	The garden is a flower's paradise. We've got 17 different kinds of roses.
	It's a garden for flowers, we've got 17 kinds of roses.
	They're the heaven of flower, and we have 17 kinds of roses.
	The garden is a flower's paradise and we have 17 different species of roses.
	This garden is a flower garden, for we have 17 different kinds of roses.
	The garden is the garden of flowers, where we have 17 different kinds of roses.
	This garden is a garden of flowers, and we have 17 different kinds of roses.
	The Garden is a garden of flowers, we have 17 different kinds of roses.
	The garden is the garden of flowers, for which we possess 17 different kinds of roses.
	The Garden is a garden of flowers and we have 17 different kinds of roses.
	This garden is a Garden of fresh flowers, where we have 17 different kinds of roses.
	The garden is an Garden of flowers, and we have 17 different kinds of roses.
	It is a garden of flowering flowers and we have 17 different kinds of roses.
	The garden is a garden of flowers and we have seventeen different kinds of roses.
	The garden, in particular, is for flowers. We're in 17 species of roses.
	In particular, the garden is a flower complex and we have 17 roses.
	This Garden, which we have, is especially designed for flowers, is made out of 17 species of roses.
	This garden was set up especially for the flowers. We have a total of 17 roses.
	The garden was set up specifically for flowers and we've got 17 roses.
	This garden has been especially constructed for flowers, which we have a total of 17 roses.
	This garden has been set up especially for flowers, for which there are 17 roses.
	In particular, it had been set up for the flowers, and we had 17 roses.
	In particular, it had been set up for flowers and we had 17 roses.
	It is specially designed for flowers. We have a total of 17 roses.
	The gardens are heavens for flowers. We have among ours 17 kinds of roses, from which we offer flowers.
	The gardens are a paradise for flowers. We have among them 17 kinds of roses. They are of flowers, a gift for flowers.
	A garden is a heaven of flowers; and we have 17 roses of the flowers, for which we donate the flowers.
	Gardens are heavens to be dedicated to flowers; and there are 17 kinds of roses, the flowers they are to give to flowers.
	The garden is a heaven of flower. And we have 17 roses of flowers. And these flowers are for flowers.
	Gardens are a heaven for flowers. We have 17 roses. They are a gift for flowers.
	Gardens are heavens devoted to flowers, and for us there are 17 kinds of roses. They are given for flowers.
	The gardens are a paradise for flowers. And we have of them 17 roses which are given for flowers.
	And Gardens are the heaven of roses: We have 17 roses, and those flowers are given for flowers.
	gardens are a paradise dedicated to flowers. We have 17 species of roses which are given for flowers.
	This garden is one of the special places for flowers. And there's 17 roses. There's 17 roses, and there's 17 roses.
	This garden is a very special paradise for flowers. We've 17 roses, 17 roses.
	The garden is an extraordinary garden. We've got 17 roses. We've got 17 roses.
	And the garden is a very special paradise of flowers, and we've got 17 roses, and there's 17 roses.
	This garden is a special Paradise. We have 17 species of roses and 17 species of roses.
	This garden is a special paradise. We've got 17 roses and 17 roses.
	This garden is a special paradise for flowers. We have seventeen roses, seventeen roses.
	The Garden is a unique paradise for flowers. And we're having 17 roses and 17 roses.
	This garden is a special heaven of flowers. There are 17 species of roses, and there are 17 species of roses.
	This garden is a special paradise for flowers. We have 17 roses and 17 roses.
	The garden is a paradise devoted to flowers. We have 17 different kinds of roses.
	Gardens are gardened gardens dedicated to flowers. We've got 17 different kinds of roses.
	The garden is the paradise of the flowers. We have 17 different kinds of roses.
	Gardens are gardens dedicated to flowers; we have 17 different species of roses.
	Gardens are gardened gardens reserved for flower. We have 17 different kinds of roses.
	The garden is the only paradise for flowers. We own 17 different kinds of roses.
	Gardens are a paradise for flower. We have a variety of 17 different kinds of roses.
	Gardens are flowers' gardens. We have 17 different kinds of roses.
	Gardens are the paradise that flowers make of. We have 17 different kinds of roses.
	Gardens are the only paradise for the flowers. We've got 17 different kinds of roses.
	Gardens, especially the Gardens of Flowers, we've got 17 flowers, 1 of which is a total of 17 flowers.
	Gardens, especially in garden paradise, we have 17 kinds of flowers, and one of them is 17 of them.
	Gardens, especially the garden paradise of the herbs, there are 17 flowers of which there are a total of 17 of them.
	The garden in particular the garden, and the garden in heaven where the flowers are grown, we have 17 flowers, and 1 of them has seventeen flowers.
	Gardens and especially herb heaven, we've got seventeen flowers, of which there's a total of seventeen.
	Gardens, especially flowers in the garden, we have seventeen species of flowers, out of which one is made of seventeen.
	The garden, especially the garden paradise with the herbs, we had 17 flowers, and one of them was seventeen.
	Gardens and especially flowers in paradise, we've got seventeen flowers, one of which is seventeen.
	Gardens, and especially the garden of flowers, there are 17 flowers, and there are 17 flowers out of all of them.
	Gardens, particularly gardens of plants, we have seventeen flowers, of which there are seventeen.
	This garden is a flower paradise. We've got 17 different kinds of flowers.
	This garden is the paradise of the flowers. We have 17 different kinds of flowers.
	This garden is a garden of flowers. We have 17 flowers.
	This garden is a garden of flowers. We've got 17 species of flowers.
	This garden is the garden of flowers. There are 17 types of flowers we have.
	The garden is the paradise of the flowers. We have 17 kinds of flowers.
	This garden is a flowery paradise. We have 17 different kinds of flowers.
	This garden is a garden of flowers. There are 17 kinds of flowers available to us.
	It's a flowered heaven. We got 17 different kinds of flowers.
	The garden is a heaven of flowers. We have 17 kinds of flowers.
	This garden is the paradise of flowers. We have 17 species of roses.
	This garden is a garden of flowers. We have 17 species of roses.
	The Garden is a flower heaven. And we've got 17 kinds of roses.
	And it's a garden of flowers. We've got 17 kinds of roses.
	This garden is the paradise of flowers. We've got 17 species of roses.
	And this is the garden where the flower is. We've 17 different kinds of roses.
	The garden is a flower's heaven. We've got 17 different kinds of roses.
	This garden is the paradise of flowers. We have 17 species of roses.
	The garden is the paradise of the flowers. We have 17 species of roses.
	It's garden, flower paradise. We have 17 species of roses.
	Garden's a flower site. We got 17 flowers, we got 17 flowers.
	The gardens are the flowers, and there are 17 of us, and there are 17 of us.
	And the gardens are flowers' houses. We have 17 flowers, and we have 17 flowers.
	The garden is the place where the flowers are made, we have 17 kinds of flowers, we have 17 kinds of flowers.
	garden is the site of flowers and we have seventeen flowers, and we have seventeen flowers.
	The garden is a flower's place. We have 17 flowers, there's 17 flowers.
	Gardens are flower sites: we have seventeen flowers. We have seventeen flowers, and there are seventeen flowers.
	Gardens are flower places, and we've got 17 flowers. We've got 17 flowers.
	Gardens are flowers' places. We've got seventeen plants, we've got seventeen flowers.
	Gardens are flowers' premises, we have 17 kinds of flowers, and there're 17 kinds of flowers.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The terrible weather resulted in severe traffic delays and the closure of the airport.
Top 100 Translations
	The harsh weather has caused serious traffic delays and the closure of the airport.
	Owing to harsh weather conditions, there were serious delays in traffic and airport closures.
	Owing to bad weather, the traffic was significantly delayed, and the airport closed down.
	Severe delays in transportation and the closure of the airport were caused by severe weather conditions.
	Owing to the poor weather conditions, there was serious delay in the transport traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Owing to harsh weather conditions, there were serious delays in traffic and airport closures.
	Owing to severe weather conditions, there were significant delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	The adverse weather conditions resulted in significant delays in communications and the closure of the airport.
	Owing to bad weather conditions, there were severe delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Due to harsh weather conditions, there was serious delays in traffic and airport closures.
	The harsh weather was causing serious delays in transportation and closing down the airport.
	Poor weather conditions have resulted in serious traffic delays as well as airport closures.
	Bad weather conditions had led to serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	Bad weather conditions caused significant delays in traffic and airport closures.
	Bad weather conditions have caused serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	Severe weather conditions have resulted in heavy delays in traffic and airport closures.
	The poor weather conditions have led to severe delays in traffic and a closure of the airport.
	The severe weather conditions caused substantial delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Poor weather has caused severe delays in traffic and airport closures.
	Bad weather had resulted in serious delays in traffic and airport closures.
	Owing to adverse weather conditions, serious delays in traffic and the closure of airfields have resulted in serious delays in traffic.
	Due to harsh weather conditions, severe traffic delays and the closure of airfields have led to serious delays in traffic.
	Due to the harsh weather, serious delays in transport and closure of airports resulted in serious delays in traffic.
	The harsh weather conditions, serious delays in traffic and closure of airfields have resulted in serious delays in traffic.
	Due to severe weather conditions, serious traffic delays and the closure of airfields resulted in serious traffic delays.
	Severe delays in traffic and the closure of airfields due to harsh weather conditions have resulted in serious delays in traffic.
	Severe traffic delays and airport closures due to poor weather conditions resulted in serious traffic delays.
	The serious delays caused by severe weather conditions, delays in traffic and the closing of the airport had led to severe delays in traffic.
	Owing to the weather conditions, heavy delays in traffic and the closure of airports resulted in serious delays in traffic.
	Owing to adverse weather conditions, major traffic delays and the closure of airfields have resulted in serious traffic delays.
	Severe weather conditions have resulted in serious delays in traffic and airport closures.
	Poor weather conditions have caused severe traffic delays and airport closures.
	Bad weather conditions have resulted in serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	The adverse weather conditions resulted in severe delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Severe weather events have resulted in serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	Poor weather has resulted in serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	The poor weather conditions have resulted in significant delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Heavy weather conditions resulted in serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	Bad weather conditions led to severe traffic delays and airport closures.
	Poor weather conditions have resulted in severe delays in traffic and airport closures.
	Bad weather conditions resulted in serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	Bad weather conditions have resulted in severe traffic delays and airport closures.
	Poor weather led to serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	The bad weather conditions had led to serious traffic delays and the closure of the airport.
	The harsh weather conditions led to heavy traffic delays and the closure of the airport.
	The severe weather had resulted in significant delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Severe weather conditions led to severe traffic delays and airport closures.
	Severe weather conditions had caused serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	Poor weather has led to significant traffic delays and airport closures.
	Bad weather conditions have resulted in serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	Bad weather conditions have resulted in serious delays in traffic and airport closures.
	The harsh weather caused serious delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	The adverse weather conditions resulted in severe delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Poor weather has resulted in serious delays in traffic and airport closures.
	Heavy weather conditions had resulted in severe delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Severe weather conditions have led to significant traffic delays and airport closures.
	The severe weather conditions resulted in severe delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Poor weather resulted in significant delays in traffic and in the closure of the airport.
	The heavy weather conditions caused severe delays in traffic and the closing of the airport.
	Bad weather led to serious delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	This severe weather has led to severe traffic delays and the closure of the airport.
	This poor weather has caused a significant delay in traffic and has closed down the airport.
	This poor weather resulted in severe delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Such bad weather conditions have resulted in serious delays in the transportation of the airport and the closing of the airport.
	This poor weather has caused serious delays in traffic and the airport has been closed down.
	Such poor weather had caused significant traffic delays and had closed down the airport.
	This bad weather resulted in heavy traffic delays and the closure of the airport.
	This bad weather has resulted in heavy transportation delays and the closure of the airport.
	This harsh weather resulted in severe delays in the movement and the closure of the airport.
	This harsh weather had caused serious delays in traffic and closed down the airport.
	The terrible weather conditions caused serious delays in traffic as well as the closure of the airport.
	The dire weather conditions have led to severe traffic delays and airport closures.
	Scary weather has led to serious delays in traffic and airport closures.
	The terrible weather caused serious delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Horrible weather conditions have led to major traffic delays and airport closures.
	The horrific weather has led to serious traffic delays and airport closures.
	Bad weather has resulted in heavy delays in traffic and airport closures.
	The horrible weather has resulted in severe traffic delays and airport closures.
	Horrible weather conditions had led to significant traffic delays and airport closures.
	The terrible weather led to serious delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	The harsh weather has caused considerable delays in traffic and the airport has been closed down.
	Poor weather had resulted in major delays in traffic and airport closures.
	The severe weather conditions resulted in significant delay in the transportation and the closure of the airport.
	Poor weather has led to severe delays in traffic and closure of the airport.
	The poor weather resulted in serious delays and the closing of the airport.
	Insecurity caused heavy delays in traffic and the airport was closed down.
	The poor weather led to severe delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	Heavy weather conditions resulted in serious delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	The harsh weather has resulted in serious delays in transport and the closure of the airport.
	The harsh weather led to serious delays in traffic as the airport was closed down.
	This bad weather resulted in severe delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	This poor weather resulted in significant delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	This adverse weather has resulted in serious delays in access and the closure of the airport.
	This adverse weather resulted in serious delay in transportation and the closure of the airport.
	The harsh weather has resulted in considerable delay in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	The harsh weather conditions resulted in serious delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	This bad weather has led to serious delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	This bad weather has resulted in significant delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
	This harsh weather resulted in a serious delay in transportation and the closure of the airport.
	This harsh weather led to serious delays in traffic and the closure of the airport.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "What is more," Clarissa said, "I feel I'm being ignored."
Top 100 Translations
	Criesa said, "There's something else. I thought I was being ignored."
	He said, "And also I felt that I had been ignored."
	Chrissell says, "There's something else I'd feel like I'm being left unattended."
	Kriza says, "And I feel I'm being ignored."
	And Creza says, "And I think I'm being ignored."
	And Krissa said, "And I feel I'm being ignored."
	And, Crisa said, "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	Chrisser said, "and, I think I've gone unheeded."
	Crissa said, "And I feel I am being ignored. " (SINGING ON RADIO)
	Krysa said, "At the same time, I feel I'm being ignored."
	And Celaissa was like, "There's still more", and, "I feel that I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa said, "There is more," and he said, "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	And the thing Clarissa said is, "There's more," "I think I'm being ignored."
	And she said, "There's more," and "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa said, "There's more," and "I think I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa, she said: "There's more. " I feel like I'm being ignored."
	And Claire Lisa's saying, "There's more of this," "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	Cela Lisa said "there's still more," and said "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	And Claire Lisa says, "There is more," and "I feel I've been ignored."
	Clarissa was saying, "There is more of it," and, "I think that I'm being ignored."
	"And, I think, I've been left behind." Clarissa said.
	Clarissa said, "Well, I think I'm being ignored."
	Clara said, "And also, I feel I'm being ignored."
	And Clara says, "There's also, I feel that I've been left unattended."
	Clarissa said, "Well, there is one more thing, and I feel like I've been ignored."
	"And, also, I felt like I've been ignored." Clarissa said.
	And then Clara said, "I don't think that I was allowed to listen to it."
	Clarissa says, "But also, I feel I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa said, "And I think I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa said, "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa said, "Otherwise, I feel like I'm being overlooked."
	And Crawlisi said, "Well, besides, I feel that I'm being ignored."
	Then Clau Lisa says, "Aside from that I feel I've been overlooked."
	Crawisa says, "In addition, I feel as if I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa said, "Otherwise, I just feel like I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa says, "I feel, in addition, that I was left to be ignored."
	Clau Lisa said, "I feel, besides that, that I'm being ignored."
	And then Crawlisa said, "Oh, beyond that, it felt like I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa said, "Otherwise, I feel that I've been ignored."
	Crawissa said, "As well as I can, I feel I'm being ignored."
	And, Clarissa said, "I feel I've been neglected, I think I feel I've been neglected."
	* And also, the Clarissa say, * * I think it's ignored ** and it's wrong * * I think it's forgotten *
	And, Clarisa said, "I think it's been overlooked," "I think it's been neglected."
	"And, "Clarissa says, "l feel invisible. I think it's ignored."
	"And Clarissa, she said, "l feel forgotten." "I feel neglected."
	"And, "Clarisa said, "I think it has been overlooked, I think it's been ignored."
	And, uh, "Clarissa's saying, "I think I'm being ignored, I'm feeling that I'm being ignored."
	"And also, Clarissa says, "I felt neglected. I felt that I had been neglected."
	# And also, cla Lisa said, # # I feel like I'm being ignored # # I feel like I'm being overlooked # # I feel like I'm being ignored #
	"And also, "Clarissa says "I feel that I have been ignored, and I think I feel that I have been neglected."
	Clarissa said, "There's more that I feel overlooked. I feel invisible. I feel like I'm missing."
	Clelissa says, "What else?" "I can feel ignored. "I feel like I can be ignored."
	Clarissa says "What else I feel I'm missing", "I feel I'm missing."
	"What else did Clarissa say that I felt ignored?" "I feel like I'm being neglected."
	Clesa said, "What else is going on?" I feel like I'm being ignored.
	I've got a feeling of being forgotten, but I've been thinking about being ignored.
	Clarissa said, "What else is it that I felt ignored?" "I feel that I feel like I'm being ignored."
	I don't know. Clarissa says, "What else?" - "I feel overlooked. " I feel like I feel like I'm being ignored."
	"What else?" Clarissa said. "I feel that I've been forgotten. I've felt that I've been neglected."
	Clarissa said, "I feel neglected." "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	And the Clarissa said, "What else?" And Clarissa said, "I think I've been overlooked."
	Clarissa says, "What else?" Clarissa says, "I think I'm being ignored."
	And the Clarissa also says, "Well, what is it?" And Clarissa says, "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa says "What's going on?" Clarissa said, "I feel like I've been ignored."
	Clarissa says, "What else?" Clarissa says, "I think I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa said, "What else?" And Clarissa said, "I'm thinking that I've been overlooked."
	And Clarissa said, "What else is there?" And Clarissa said, "I think I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa says, "What else is it?" Clarissa says, "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa also says, "What else?" and Clarissa says, "I think I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa's saying "What's going on?" Clarissa's saying, "I think I'm being ignored."
	Clarassi said, "What else did I feel I was being left unattended in the first place?"
	"And what else does it feel like I'm being left out of it," Clarissa said.
	Clara says, "What's the difference, I feel that I've been left out of it."
	The Clarissas said, "What else does I feel like I'm being ignored?"
	Clarissa said, "What else do you think I feel like I've been left unattended?"
	And she said, "What else has I got, I feel I've been left out of it?"
	"And what else is there, that I feel that I am left out of it," Clarissa said.
	Clarissa said, "What else would I feel like I'm being ignored?"
	Clarissa says, "What else? I feel I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa says, "What else does it feel like I'm being ignored?"
	And Clarissa says, 'I think I'm being ignored.'
	And then Clarissa says, "I think I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa says, "I think I'm being ignored."
	"Clarissa said, "I feel as though I've been neglected."
	And then Clara says, "I think I've been overlooked."
	And then, "Clarissa says, "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	And then, Clarissa said: "l feel like I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa says, "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	And then, "Clarissa says, "I feel that I've been ignored."
	And "Clarissa says "I feel as though I have been overlooked."
	Clarissa said, "There's one thing else I feel like I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa said, "One other thing. " I feel that I've been overlooked."
	And Clarissa says, "There's one thing else," "I feel like I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa says, "One more thing. I feel that I'm being ignored."
	Clarissa said, "Well, there's one thing more "I feel I'm being ignored."
	And Clarissa, "One more thing. I feel like I'm being ignored."
	"One thing else" Clarissa said, "I felt I'd been neglected."
	And Clarissa said, "And there is one more thing that I think I'm missing out on."
	Clarissa says, "There's one more thing that I think I'm being overlooked."
	"As far as I can see," Clarissa said, "There's also something else, and I can feel like I'm being ignored."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Thomas graduated with a specialist degree in the field of criminology.
Top 100 Translations
	Thomas has graduated in criminological studies and studied for a professional degree.
	Thomas graduated from criminology and is pursuing a professional degree.
	Thomas is a graduate in criminology and studied for a degree in the area of criminology.
	Thomas graduated in criminology and took a special degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas graduated from criminological studies and studied for a professional degree.
	Thomas graduated from criminology and studied for a professional degree.
	Thomas graduated as a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated in the field of criminology and pursues a professional degree.
	Thomas is a postgraduate student in criminology, where he takes a degree-oriented degree in criminology.
	Thomas has graduated as a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated from school with an specialist degree in criminology.
	Thomas was graduated from his post-graduate post with an expert degree in criminology.
	Thomas was graduated from his post-graduate degree as an expert in criminology.
	On graduating, Thomas had received a degree as an expert in criminology.
	On graduation, Thomas was granted an expert degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated from school with an expert degree in criminology.
	On graduating, Thomas was awarded an expert degree in criminology.
	On graduation, Thomas received a degree in criminology, which was an expert degree in criminology.
	On graduation, Tomas was graduated with a degree of expertise in criminology.
	Thomas graduated as an expert degree in criminology.
	Thomas has graduated with a special degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated from specialist degree in criminology.
	Thomas has graduated as a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated from the degree of specialization in criminology.
	Thomas graduated with a special degree in criminology.
	Thomas has graduated from a specialized degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated in criminology by holding a special degree of qualification in the field of criminology.
	Thomas graduated from the specialized degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated as a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated with a professional degree in criminology.
	By the time of graduation, Thomas was a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	When he graduated, Tomas was a specialist in criminology, who had a post-graduate degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated with an academic degree in the field of criminology.
	At the time of graduating from school, Thomas held a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	At the time of his graduation, Tomas had a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	When he graduated, Thomas was a specialist degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas was graduated from school with a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	When Thomas graduated, he was with a specialization in the field of criminology.
	Thomas graduated with a specialized degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated with a degree of specialization in the field of criminology.
	Thomas has a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	Tomas obtained a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas had received a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas has received an academic degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas received a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas has obtained professional degrees in the field of criminology.
	Thomas has been given a professional degree in criminology.
	Tomas has received a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas is awarded a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas obtained a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas has received an expert degree in criminology and an academic degree in law upon graduation.
	Thomas holds an expert certificate in the area of criminology and graduated with a specialized degree in law.
	Thomas has obtained a specialist degree in criminologicals and, on graduating from school, a specialized degree in law.
	Thomas obtained specialist degrees in criminology and graduated with a specialized degree in law.
	Thomas has an expert certificate in criminology and has a special law degree on completion of his studies.
	Thomas obtained an expert degree in criminology and graduated with an academic degree in law.
	Thomas was awarded an expert degree in criminology, and he graduated with a specialized degree in law.
	Thomas has earned an expert degree in criminology, and he has graduated with an expert degree in the field of law.
	Thomas holds a degree in criminology as an expert, and she graduated with a degree in the field of law.
	Thomas obtained a degree of expert in criminology, while graduating from school he obtained a degree in law, which is a specialist degree in the field of criminology.
	After graduating, Thomas obtained a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated and was awarded a professional degree in criminology.
	Following her graduation, Thomas has obtained an academic degree in criminology.
	After graduation Thomas holds a professional degree in criminology.
	After graduating from school Thomas was awarded a professional degree in criminology.
	After graduation Thomas was awarded a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas has graduated from school and received a professional degree in criminology.
	After graduation Thomas has received a special degree in criminology.
	Following graduation, Thomas obtained a professional degree in criminology.
	After graduating, Thomas is awarded a degree in criminology, which has been developed in the field of criminology.
	Thomas has graduated from studies in the field of criminology.
	Tomas has graduated with a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated in the field of criminology with a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas has graduated from specialized degrees in the field of criminology.
	Thomas graduated from a specialization in the field of criminology.
	Tomas graduated in criminology with a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas graduated in criminology from a professional degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas graduated with a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas graduated with a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas has graduated from specialized degree in the field of criminology.
	Thomas has received a degree of specialization in criminology, with a graduate degree in criminology.
	Thomas has obtained a special degree in criminology, and graduated from the special degree in criminology.
	Thomas has acquired a degree of specialization in criminological science and graduated from the degree of specialization in criminology.
	Thomas has obtained a professional degree in criminology and graduated a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas had been awarded a professional degree in criminology and was graduated from a professional degree in criminology.
	Thomas has been granted a degree in criminology and graduated in criminology.
	Thomas has received a special degree in criminology and he has graduated from the specialized degree in criminology.
	Thomas has been awarded a special degree in criminology and graduated with a special degree in criminology.
	Thomas has acquired a special degree in criminology and graduated from the specialized degree in criminology.
	Thomas has already obtained a degrees degree in the field of criminology and has graduated with a qualification in the field of criminology.
	Diploma of Criminology, University of Thomas, with a degree in criminology.
	Specialized Diplme d'Etat de criminology (diploma de criminology) at the University of Thomas, where he graduated from a special degree in criminology.
	Degree in Criminology, Thomas University. Diplme d'Etat in criminology.
	Diploma in Criminology from the University of Thomas, graduate of the degree in criminology.
	Diploma in criminology at University of Thomas, graduated from a special degree in criminology.
	Specialized degree in Criminology, University of Thomas, graduated with a special degree in criminology.
	Diploma in criminology, Thomas University, Diploma in criminology, graduated from the degree of specialization in criminology.
	Degree in Criminology from Thomas University, graduated from a degree in criminology.
	Diplme de criminology (Diploma in criminology), Thomas University, graduated with a degree in criminology.
	Diploma in Criminology, University of Thomas. Graduated in criminology, where he received a degree in criminology.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Lasers can measure distances with incredible precision.
Top 100 Translations
	The lasers measure the distance. The speed accuracy of the measurements is incredible.
	Lasers can measure the distance, and it's unbelievable to measure speed accuracy.
	Laser can measure distance, and the speed accuracy of the measure is unconvincing.
	Laser can measure the distance from the distance, measuring speed accuracy is implausible.
	lasers can measure the distance and speed accuracy can be unbelievably measured.
	A laser can measure the distance, and an accuracy in the speed can be unbelievably measured.
	And the laser could measure distance, which would be incredible in the way speed accuracy is measured.
	And lasers can measure the distance, but the accuracy of the speed is unbelievable.
	The laser can measure the distance distance, and it can't be helped to measure speed accuracy.
	Laser measures your distance, and it's an incredible measure of speed accuracy.
	Lasers can measure distance with incredible accuracy.
	The laser can measure distance at an unbelievable degree of accuracy.
	Laser can be measured by incredibly specific measure of distance.
	Laser can be measured at an incredible degree of accuracy.
	Laser can measure distance at an incredible degree of accuracy.
	Laser can measure distance with incredible accuracy.
	The lasers were able to measure distance from each other by an incredible degree of accuracy.
	Lasers are capable of measuring your distance with incredible accuracy.
	The laser can be measured in an incredible degree of accuracy.
	The laser is capable of measuring distance with incredible accuracy.
	Laser measures the accuracy of the distance, in order to have a phenomenal degree of accuracy.
	The laser can measure the accuracy of distance at an amazing degree of accuracy.
	Lasers are capable of measuring the accuracy of distance, in an astonishing degree of accuracy.
	Laser measures the accuracy of distance, with incredible accuracy.
	The lasers can measure accuracy of distance, with an alarming degree of accuracy.
	A laser can measure the degree of accuracy at which it is at the distance, and with a remarkable degree of accuracy.
	Laser allows for measurement of accuracy at a distance, with an alarming level of accuracy.
	Laser can measure the accuracy of a distance, and with an amazing degree of accuracy.
	Laser is able to measure the accuracy of the distance in order to establish an amazing degree of accuracy.
	Laser measures the accuracy of distance to an amazing degree of accuracy.
	The laser is capable of measuring the distance with a striking degree of accuracy.
	The laser can measure distances with an amazing degree of accuracy.
	Lasers can measure distances by an alarming degree of accuracy.
	The laser is able to measure distance with an alarming degree of accuracy.
	Laser is capable of measuring distance at an alarming degree of accuracy.
	Lasers can measure distance with an amazing degree of accuracy.
	The laser is able to measure distance with an astonishing degree of accuracy.
	Laser can measure distances with a remarkable degree of accuracy.
	The laser is capable of measuring the distance with an alarming degree of accuracy.
	Lasers measure distance with a phenomenal degree of accuracy.
	Laser can be measured with accuracy, with surprising accuracy.
	Laser can measure a very precise distance. A very surprising level of accuracy.
	The laser is able to get the exact range, an amazing level of precision.
	A laser can be exactly measured at the range, which is an amazing accuracy.
	It can be measured with precise ranges. It's a surprising degree of accuracy.
	Laser can precisely measure distance. Surprising accuracy.
	It's a very accurate gauge of the laser. It's a very astonishing level of accuracy.
	Laser can be precisely measured from distance. It's surprising how accurate it's going to be.
	The laser can precisely measure the distance, and it is amazing how accurate the laser can be.
	The laser can get the exact range. It's an amazing degree of accuracy.
	Lasers can measure range by a spectacular measure of accuracy.
	The lasers can measure its distance by an amazing amount of precision.
	A laser can measure distances in a remarkable measure of accuracy.
	Laser measures your distance with incredible accuracy.
	The laser measures the distance with a striking degree of accuracy.
	Laser is able to measure its distance in a surprising measure of accuracy.
	Lasers are able to measure their distance with a remarkable degree of accuracy.
	Laser measures distance to the most striking level of accuracy.
	Laser measures distance with an amazing degree of accuracy.
	Laser is capable of measuring the distance with an extraordinary amount of precision.
	The laser can measure distances in an alarming measure of accuracy.
	Laser can measure the distance by an amazing degree of accuracy.
	Lasers can measure distances with amazing accuracy.
	The laser is able to measure distance to an alarming degree of accuracy.
	Lasers can measure distance with a staggering degree of accuracy.
	Lasers are able to measure the distance with an alarming degree of accuracy.
	Laser can measure distance with an amazing degree of accuracy.
	The lasers can measure distance with alarming accuracy.
	Lasers are capable of measuring distances in an amazing measure of accuracy.
	Laser can be measured with a remarkable degree of accuracy.
	Laser can measure a distance, and the accuracy of the laser is incredible.
	The laser is able to accurately measure distance, and its accuracy is incredible.
	The lasers were able to measure distance very precisely, and its accuracy was incredible.
	The laser is able to measure the distance precisely, and that precision is implausible.
	The laser can measure the precise distance, the accuracy of which is implausible.
	The lasers are able to measure the distance accurately, and the accuracy of it is improbable.
	The laser can measure distances precisely, and the precision of the laser is implausible.
	And they can measure precisely the distance; the accuracy of the laser is implausible.
	The lasers can measure distances precisely. The accuracy of the lasers is implausible.
	The laser's been able to accurately measure distances, and it's incredibly accurate.
	The laser measures the distance by an incredible measure of accuracy.
	The laser measures distance with an incredible degree of accuracy.
	Laser is able to measure the distance in an implausible measure of accuracy.
	Laser measures range in an unbelievable measure of accuracy.
	Laser can measure distance with incredible accuracy.
	Laser measures distance in ways that can't be believed to be accurate.
	Laser measures your distance with an incredible degree of accuracy.
	Laser measures distance in an incredible degree of accuracy.
	The laser can measure distance with incredible accuracy.
	The lasers measure their distance at an incredible degree of accuracy.
	Laser measures distance with incredible accuracy.
	Laser can measure the distance by an incredible degree of accuracy.
	The lasers can measure distances with incredible accuracy.
	The lasers measure distance with incredible accuracy.
	The lasers measure distance by an amazing degree of precision.
	The laser can measure distance by an incredibly precise measure.
	The laser measures the distance with incredible accuracy.
	The laser can measure distance with incredible accuracy.
	Lasers can measure distance in the most impregnable measure.
	Laser measures distance in an incredibly precise way.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: My two cousins were so excited at the start of the war, they ran downtown and signed up immediately.
Top 100 Translations
	My cousins are very excited from the start of this war and they're going into town, and they just sign it right away.
	My cousins were really excited in the beginning of the war, and they went downtown, and they signed immediately.
	My cousins got very excited at the start of the war, and they ran to the city and immediately signed it.
	My cousins were very excited in the first place, and when they got to the city, they signed the papers right away.
	My cousins were excited at the beginning of the war, and they ran off to town and signed it right away.
	My cousins got very excited when the war began, and they came down to the city and they signed it right away.
	My cousins were so excited from the beginning of the war, they went up to town and signed them right away.
	My cousins got very excited when the war started, they came down to town, and signed right away.
	My two cousins were very excited about the start of the war, and then they ran to the city, signed off right away.
	My cousins got very excited at the start of the war, and then they went to the city and they signed as soon as they got to the city.
	At the beginning of the war, my cousins were very excited and they went into the city, and I signed it right away.
	At the beginning of the war both my cousins were excited. They all run into the center of town, and then sign the papers immediately.
	At the start of the war, my cousins had been thrilled and they went downtown, and they signed them right away.
	My two cousins were so excited at the beginning of the war they both went in to the middle of town, they then they signed immediately.
	In the early war, two cousins were excited, and they all went into the city and signed it right away.
	My cousins were very excited about the war at the beginning of that, and all of them ran downtown, and then signed the papers right away.
	My cousins were both excited at the very beginning of the war and they both went downtown, and signed the papers right away.
	When the war began, my cousins were so excited that they were all headed downtown, they signed the papers right down the middle of town.
	At the beginning of the war, both my cousins were excited, and they ran into the centre, and they signed right away.
	At the start of the war, both my cousins were so excited, they were running into downtown and signing them right away.
	My cousins were extremely excited at the beginning of the war, registering them right now at the center of the city.
	My two cousins are excited at the beginning of this war to get registered right away in the heart of the city.
	My two cousins were thrilled at the start of the war, registered in the middle of the city immediately.
	My cousins are all excited in the beginning of the battle, registered in the middle of the city immediately.
	Both my cousins were so excited in the start of the war, they went to the center of the city for registration immediately.
	My cousins got so excited right at the start of the war that they started registering in the center of the city right away.
	My cousins, they were so excited at the beginning of the war, they went to the city centre and registered right away.
	My two cousins, who were so thrilled at the beginning of the war, were immediately registered at the center of the city.
	My cousins have been very excited at the start of the war, registering immediately at the centre of the city.
	I've got a lot of excitement at the beginning of war, and I've just registered in the middle of the city.
	My cousins got so excited at the beginning of the war... that they ran into the city, and immediately went on to sign up.
	Both my cousins were so excited the war started, they ran into the city, he immediately signed up.
	My two cousins were very excited when the war started... and went into the city... and immediately signed up.
	Both my cousins were very excited at the beginning of the war... went into town and they signed up in the middle of the war.
	My cousins were all very excited at the beginning of the war, ran into the city and immediately signed up.
	My cousins were so excited at the start of the war... that they went into the city and signed up right away.
	Both of my cousins got excited from the beginning of the war, went into the city and immediately signed up.
	My cousins got all excited when the war started, running down into the city, so they started signing up for it in the first place.
	My two cousins were very excited at the start of the war, and they went downtown, and they immediately signed up.
	My cousins were all worked up at the beginning of the war, went downtown and immediately signed up.
	My cousins were very excited about the war when they escaped to the city and immediately registered to the station.
	And my cousins were really excited about it at the start of the war, and they ran to town and immediately registered themselves to the station.
	My cousins were really excited at the beginning of the war, and they made their escape to the city, and then they registered immediately to the station.
	My cousins were so excited the war started that they fled the city, and they immediately registered themselves at the station.
	My two cousins were so thrilled at the start of the war they fled to downtown and they immediately registered for the stand-up.
	My cousins were so excited at the beginning of the war that they escaped into the city that they immediately registered to stand up.
	My cousins were really thrilled at the start of the war, and they fled into the city and immediately registered themselves to the station.
	The two cousins were very excited with the start of the war... they fled downtown... and registered to the station immediately.
	My two cousins were so excited at the start of this war they escaped to the city and immediately checked in to the station.
	My two cousins were thrilled at the very beginning of the war, but they ran downtown and immediately registered for the station.
	My cousins were very excited at the war, and they went into the middle of town, and they signed them as soon as we could.
	My cousins were so excited when the war started, they were in the center and they signed on to it right away.
	My cousins got so excited at war that we went downtown... and we just got there and we signed them right away.
	My cousins got so excited when we started, they got into central city, and then they signed them right away.
	My cousins got so excited at the war they ran downtown and they'd signed it right away.
	When the battle started, my cousins were so excited they ran downtown... that they signed it right away.
	When the war started, our cousins were really excited, and they'd run downtown, just sign the letter right away.
	When it started, my cousins were so excited that they were running downtown, they signed the papers right away.
	When the war started my cousins were so excited that they ran out to the center of the city, and signed off on the day of the war.
	I was so excited in the war that my cousins ran into the heart of city and they signed it right away.
	Both my cousins were really excited when the war started and then they stormed into the city and signed off on it right away.
	Both my cousins were excited when the war started, they stormed the city, signed it right away.
	At the start of the war, my cousins were very excited. They went downtown, signed the papers right away.
	Both of my cousins were really excited at the beginning of the war, and they rushed downtown, signed it right away.
	Both my cousins were so excited when the war began, they rushed into the city, signed it right away.
	My cousins were so thrilled at the beginning of the war that they stormed the city and signed right away.
	My cousins got all excited when the war started and they stormed downtown, and they're signed right away.
	My two cousins were excited when the war began, and they'd run downtown, sign it right away.
	Both my cousins got thrilled at the beginning of the war, they rushed downtown, signed it right away.
	My two cousins were thrilled at the start of the war and they stormed into the city and signed right away.
	When the war started, my two cousins were excited... they came downtown and they signed it right away.
	My cousins were so excited when we started the war that they ran into the city, signed them right away.
	The war started when both my cousins got excited. They ran into the city and signed immediately.
	The war started when my cousins were excited. They ran into the city and signed the papers right away.
	At the start of the war, my cousins were very excited, they got into town and signed up right away.
	When the war started with two of my cousins excited, they ran downtown and signed them right away.
	Both my cousins were very excited when the war started... and they ran into the city. They signed it right away.
	When the war began both my cousins were very excited and then they went into the city and I signed them right away.
	At the beginning of the war, my cousins were excited, and they ran downtown and signed right away.
	When the war started, two of my cousins were excited, and they came into town and signed it right away.
	My two cousins were excited about the start of the war, they ran downtown, and then they were immediately registered.
	Two of my cousins were thrilled at the start of the war, and they got downtown, and then they were registered immediately.
	My cousins, they got very excited from the start of the war, and they ran downtown, and then immediately went into the register.
	My two cousins were very excited about the start of the war, and they ran downtown and were immediately registered.
	My two cousins got so excited at the start of the war, they went down to the city and immediately got in the register.
	My cousins were very excited when the war started, and they went downtown, so they went on the register right away.
	My two cousins were very excited at the beginning of the war, and they ran down town, and they're immediately registered.
	Two of my cousins were excited at the beginning of the war and they came downtown, and they were immediately registered.
	Two of my cousins get so excited at the start of the war that they run downtown, and then they're in the register right away.
	And my two cousins got excited at the beginning of the war, and they ran downtown, and they're just registered all of a sudden.
	My cousins were very excited at the outbreak of war. They ran into town and signed up for the show right away.
	My brothers got so excited when the war broke out, they went downtown, they immediately registered to the theater, and they didn't know what was going to happen.
	My cousins were very excited about the outbreak of war, so they went downtown and they immediately signed up for the show.
	My two cousins were very excited when the war broke out and then they ran downtown... and I signed up to be there right away.
	My cousins were so excited when the war broke out that they ran downtown and they signed up to come in as soon as they could.
	My cousins were so excited when the war broke out that they ran downtown and immediately signed up for the show.
	My two cousins were so excited at the outbreak of the War, that they ran out into the downtown city, signed up as soon as it happened.
	Two of my cousins were excited at the time of the outbreak of war, and they went downtown, and they registered for the show as soon as they could.
	My cousins were very excited when the war broke out and they ran to city and they signed up right away.
	My two cousins were really excited when the war erupted, and they ran down to the city and signed up to show up right away.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: This machine scans the user's eye and can confirm identity.
Top 100 Translations
	This machine scan the users' eyes, and it'll identify them.
	This machine scans the eyes of the user, and can confirm who the user is.
	And this machine scans the users' eyes, and can identify them.
	This machine scans users' eye and is able to identify them.
	It scans the user's eye and it's able to confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the users' eyes, and is able to identify them.
	And it's this machine that scans user's eyes, and it can verify the identity.
	The machine scans the users' eyes and they're gonna be able to confirm who they are.
	The machine scans the user's eyes, and it is able to confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the eyes of the user, and it can confirm the identity.
	The machine can scan the user for eyes and confirm his/her identity.
	This machine could scan the user's eye and confirm his/her identity.
	This machine will scan the user's eyes and confirm his/her identity.
	This machine can scan the user's eyes and confirm his/her identity.
	The machine will scan the user's eyes and identify him or her.
	The machine allows the user to scan the eye and confirm his/her identity.
	The machine allows users to have their eyes scand and their identities identified.
	This machine allows the user to be scanning his or her eyes and identify him or her.
	The machine is designed to scan the users'eyes and confirm their identity.
	This machine can scan a user's eyes and identify him/her with his/her identity.
	The machine scans the users' eyes and it can also confirm who they are.
	It scans the user's eyes. It'll also enable him to verify his identity.
	This machine scans the users 'eyes. It's also able to identify them.
	The machine scans users' eyes... and it can also identify them.
	And it also scans the user's eye so that it can identify the person in question.
	This machine scans the user's eye and also confirms his identity.
	This machine scans users' eyes, and then you can verify their identity.
	The machines scan the user's eye, and they can confirm his identity.
	This machine scans the user's eyes, and we can also confirm his identity.
	This machine scans the client's eyes, and it's capable of confirming his identity.
	The machine scand the user's eyes. It could confirm the identity.
	It scans the user's eyes and makes it possible to confirm that person's identity.
	This machine scand a user's eye, and could confirm that I.D.
	This machine scans the eyes of the user, and can confirm an I.D.
	This machine has scand the users' eyes and will be able to confirm their identity.
	- This machine's been scanning the eye of the user, and can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eye, and they can confirm who it is.
	This machine scans users' eyes, and it can identify them.
	The machine scans the user's eyes and is able to confirm the identity.
	The machine scans the users' eyes and will be able to identify them.
	This machine is able to scan the eyes of the user and confirm the identity.
	The machine scans users' eyes so they can get an I.D.
	This machine scans users' eyes to confirm who's who you think you are.
	The machine has scanning the user's eyes. It will make sure they're identified.
	This machine scans the user's eyes to make sure you see what they've got.
	This machine scans the user's eyes. It makes sure I can get an I.D. on it.
	This machine scans the eyes of the user to make sure I'm identified.
	The machine scans the user's eye to confirm the identity.
	This machine scans users' eyes so it can identify them.
	This machine scans the user's eye to confirm the identity.
	The machine can scan the users' eyes, and it can confirm their identity.
	It scans the eyes of the users and it can identify them.
	This machine scans the user's eye, and it will confirm the identity.
	It can scan a user's eye and we'll be sure to identify the guy. - Okay, that's what we're going to do.
	The machine scans the user's eyes, and we can authenticate his or her identity.
	This machine's supposed to scan users' eyes, and confirm who they are.
	The machine scans the users' eyes and makes sure they have an i.e. an identifier.
	This machine scans the user's eyes and it identifies the person in question.
	This machine can scan the user's eye and we can confirm the identity.
	This machine has the ability to scan users' eyes and identify them.
	The machine scand the user's eyes to make sure she's identified.
	This machine scans an user's eyes and it's capable of establishing an I.D.
	The machine scans the user's eye to determine the identity.
	The machine scanned the eyes of the user, so you'd know which one to identify.
	The machine scans the user's eyes so that you can confirm the identity.
	This machine scans users' eyes and it can identify them.
	This machine scans the user's eyes, and it recognizes the identity.
	The machine scanned the user's eyes, so that it could confirm the identity.
	The machine scanned the eyes of the user, and it confirmed the identity.
	And this machine scans the users' eyes, it's able to identify them.
	The machine scans the eyes of the user and can confirm the identity of the user.
	The machine's scans the users' sights and is able to confirm who they are.
	This machine scans the eyes of users, and it makes it possible to verify their identities.
	This machine scans users of their vision and is able to identify them.
	This machine scans users' eyes and is able to identify them.
	This machine scanned the eyes of the users and it's capable of identifying them.
	This machine scanned users' eyesight and was able to determine their identity.
	This machine has scand users for their eyesight and is in a position to identify them.
	This machine scans users' eyesight, and it's capable of identifying them.
	The machine scans users' eyesights, and it's able to confirm their identity.
	The machine is able to scan the user's eyes in order to confirm the identity.
	The machine scans the user's eye to confirm his/her identity.
	It scans the users' eyes to be able to confirm the identity.
	The machine scans the eyes of the users so that the identity can be identified.
	The machine screens the users'eyes and is capable of identifying them.
	This machine scans the eyes of the user and is able to identify the person.
	This machine scans the eyes of the user so that the identification can be confirmed.
	The machine scans the eyes of users and is capable of identifying them.
	The machine will scan the user's eyes so that the identification will be confirmed.
	The machine scans the user's eyes and will be able to confirm the identity.
	This machine has scanned users' eyes and is able to identify them.
	The computer scand users' eyes and was able to identify them.
	This machine scand the user's eyes, and was able to authenticate the identity.
	This machine scans the user's eyes, and is able to confirm the identity.
	This machine scans users' eyes and is able to identify them.
	This machine has been able to scan the user's eyes, and can confirm their identity.
	This machine scans users' eyes and is able to identify them.
	The machine scans users' eye, and it's able to identify them.
	This machine has been scanning the user's eyes, and can confirm the identity.
	The machine has scanned users' eyes, and it's able to identify them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The inquiry into the accident will be overseen by Malcolm Jones, a former army general.
Top 100 Translations
	The investigation of the incident would be supervised by the former Commander of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be supervised by former Army Commander Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the incident will be overseen by the former Commander of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of this incident will be overseen by the former Army Commander, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation of the incident would be supervised by former Army Commander Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the incident would be overseen by the former Army Commander, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident would be overseen by the former Army Commander, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of this accident will be overseen by the former Army Commander, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident would be supervised by the former Army Commander, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation of the incident would be supervised by the former Army Commander, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation over the accident will be overseen by the former Commander-in-Chief of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	Investigations into these incidents will be supervised by the former Commander-in-Chief of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the incident will be supervised by the former Commander-in-Chief of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the incident will be overseen by the former Commander-in-Chief of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be supervised by the former Commander- in-Chief of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	Investigations of the accident will be supervised by the former Commander-in-Chief of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident will be supervised by former Commander-in-Chief of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	Investigation of the incident will be overseen by the former Commander-in-Chief of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	Investigations into the incident will be overseen by the former Army Commander-in-Chief, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the incident will be overseen by the former Commander-in-Chief of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident will be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident will be overseen by an ex-Agborigine general, Malcolm Jones.
	An accident investigation is to be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into this incident will be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the incident will be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the incident will be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be overseen by a former Army General, Malcolm Jones.
	An accident investigation will be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The inquiry into the accident would be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident would be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	An inquiry into the accident will be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident was to be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the accident would be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the incident will be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the accident would be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the incident will be overseen by one of the former army generals, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the accident will be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the incident will be overseen by one of the former Army generals, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the incident will be supervised by a former Major General of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be overseen by a former Major-General of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	Investigations of the incidents will be overseen by a former Major General of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the incidents will be overseen by one of the former Army Major Generals, Malcolm Jones.
	Investigations into the incidents would be overseen by a former Major-General of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident will be overseen by a former Army Major-General, Malcolm Jones.
	Investigations into the incidents would be supervised by a former Lieutenant-General of the Army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident would be supervised by a former Army Major-General, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be supervised by a former Army Major-General, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be supervised by a former Major-General of the army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into an accident would be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident would be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	In conducting the inquiry into the incident, it will be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the incidents would be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the incident will be monitored by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	Investigations of the incidents will be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident would be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	In the case of the investigation of the incident, it will be monitored by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	In conducting an investigation of an accident, it will be supervised by a former military general, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation of the incidents will be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be supervised by former Army General Malcolm Jones.
	The inquiry into this incident will be supervised by former Army General Malcolm Jones.
	The inquiry into the accident will be supervised by former Army General Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident will be supervised by former Army General Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of this accident will be supervised by former Army General Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the accident was to be supervised by former Army General Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the accident would be supervised by former Army General Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be supervised by former army general Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the accident would be monitored by a former Army General, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the accident will be overseen by former Army General Malcolm Jones.
	The inquiry into the incident will be supervised by former army general Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation of the accident will be supervised by former general of the military, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of this accident is under the supervision of former Army General Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of this incident will be overseen by former general of the military, Malcolm Jones.
	This accident is under the supervision of the former general of the army, Malcolm Jones.
	This investigation of the accident will be monitored by the former military general, Malcolm Jones.
	This incident investigation is to be monitored by former General of the Military, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the incident will be supervised by the former general of the army, Malcolm Jones.
	This investigation of the accident will be supervised by the former general of the army, Malcolm Jones.
	This accident investigation will be under the supervision of a former general of the army, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation of the accident will be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the accident would be overseen by a former Army general and supervised by Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation into the incident will be monitored by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The incident will be investigated by a former Army Commander under the supervision of Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation into the accident would be conducted by a former Army general and supervised by Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation of the accident will be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation of the incident will be supervised by a former Army general, Malcolm Jones.
	An investigation of the incident will be conducted by a former Army commander, under the supervision of Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of this accident will be overseen by a former general of the army, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the incident will be supervised by a former army general under the supervision of Malcolm Jones.
	The survey of the accident would be supervised by a former Army General, Malcolm Jones.
	The survey of the accident will be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The survey of the incidents will be overseen by a former Army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The surveying will be conducted under the direction of a former Army General, Malcolm Jones.
	The survey of the accident was supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The investigation of the incident will be supervised by one of the former army generals, Malcolm Jones.
	The survey of the accident will be supervised by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The survey of the accident was to be overseen by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The surveying of the incident will be directed by a former army general, Malcolm Jones.
	The survey of the accident will be overseen by one of the former army generals, Markum Jones.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Though Carla's remarks seem insulting, if you see them in context, they're actually quite innocent.
Top 100 Translations
	While Kara's comments seemed a bit insulting, if you could see them in the context, they were actually quite innocent.
	Despite the insult that Carla's words seem to be, if you look at those words in the context, they're actually quite innocent.
	While Kara's speech appears a little insulting, if you look at it from the background, they're actually quite innocent.
	And though Karla's words look kind of humiliating, if you can see that in context, they're actually quite innocent.
	And even though Carla's speech seems kind of insulting, if you can see the context in which they were saying it, they're actually quite innocent.
	Even though Kara's statements may seem a little humiliating, they're actually pretty innocent when you look at them in the context.
	And though Carla's words look an insult if you look at them from the context, they're actually quite innocent.
	Although Kara's remarks look somewhat humiliating, and if you see it in the context of the words in question they are in fact quite innocent.
	Even though Kara's rhetoric looked a little bit insulting, if you would see those words from the context, they'd actually be quite innocent.
	And while Kara's statements look kind of insulting if you look at them in the context, they're actually quite innocent.
	Despite what Carla's saying may appear rude, but if you can look at it from the context it's truly shameful to say so.
	Although Carla's words looked rude, it was just shameful if you could see that from the perspective of the context.
	And despite the rudeness of the way Carla's words are said, but if you can look at the context, these words are really unchallenged.
	Although Carla may seem impertinent, if you see it in context, they're infamous.
	But even though Carla's rhetoric looks impertinenced, it's a shame to say all that if you can see it in the context.
	Although Carla seems rude, if you're able to read in the context of it, it is infamous of him to say it.
	But despite Carla's words seem rude, and if you can look at them in context, it's not a good thing to say what she's saying.
	Although Carla's words looked rude, if you could just look at the context, it would be outrageous to talk about them.
	And though Carla's statements look rude, if you can look at them in the context, they're all really treacherous.
	And despite what Carla's words appear like, if you can see it in the context, it's pretty shameful to say these words.
	It's an insult, though, to think of what Carla's saying if you see it in context, it is a piece of paper.
	And while what Carla's been saying is an insult to you, if you're looking at these things in your background, it's just a piece of paper.
	It's humiliating, though, for what Carla says. If you see these words in the context, it's all just a piece of paper.
	While what Carla said seems insulting, if you can see that in the context, it would actually just be a piece of paper.
	Although what Carla says is offensive, if you see all that in context, they're empty words.
	While what Carla says seems to be offensive, if you saw it from the background, it's kind of a blank piece of paper.
	And although it is insulting to see what Carla's saying in context, then it's nothing if you see that in that context.
	Even though what Carla said is very insulting, if you see in the context of that statement, then it was simply a piece of paper.
	And while Carla's words are insulting, if you look at them in the background, they are a dead letter, if you see that in the background.
	It's humiliating what Carla says, though. If you look at that in the background, you'll find that it's just an empty piece of paper.
	Although Carla said things that seem insulting... if you can see in the context, they're not, in fact, innocent.
	Although Carla's words seem insulting, if you could only see in the context that they are actually innocent.
	And even though Carla's words might look offensive if you see it in the context they're actually innocent.
	As insulting as Cara might be, they're innocent if you're looking at them in the context.
	And although what Carla is saying seems insulting if you see them in the context, they're actually innocent.
	Even though it seemed insulting to you that Carla said, if you can see it in context, they're actually innocent.
	It seems as though what Carla said was insulting, but if you can look at it from context, then they're innocent.
	Although Carly's words seemed insulting, if you look at them from the context, they're in fact innocent.
	And though Carla's words seem offensive to you, if you can just see them from the context, they're innocent.
	And even though Carla's words seem offensive if you see them in the context of what they are, they're, like, innocent.
	In spite of Carla's insulting remarks, when you look at these in the background, they're actually innocent.
	And despite the insulting nature of Carla's statements, if you see them in the background, then they're innocent.
	Even though Carla's speech is humiliating, if you're in the background to the words, it's the fact that they're innocent.
	And though Carla's statements have an insulting attitude if you see them in the background, they're actually innocent.
	Although Carla's remarks may be insulting, if you see these words in the context, they're actually innocent.
	And despite the insulting nature of Carla's words, if you see them in the background, they're actually innocent.
	And even though Carlas statements are insulting, if you have to look into the background, they're, in fact, innocent.
	Although Carla's statement is insulting, if you see it in the context, they're actually innocent.
	But despite the humiliation of what Carla said if you see them in our background, they're in fact innocent.
	And as humiliating as Carla's speech may be, if you see them in the background, that's what's gonna make them innocent.
	And despite the insults of Carla's words if you look at them in terms of their content, they're completely innocent.
	And even though Carla's words seem to be insulting if you take a view of these things from their content, they're completely innocent.
	Although Kara's words seem to have been insulting to people, and if you look at those words from the point of view, they're completely innocent.
	But even as Carla's words looked degrading, if you looked at them from the point of view, they were completely innocent.
	Even though Carla's language looks insulting, if you take it from the perspective of content, they're completely innocent.
	And although Kara's words look insulting to people, if you'd look at them from the point of view, they're completely innocent.
	Even though the language of Kara appears to be an affront to a human being, if you look at the language from a point of view, they're completely innocent.
	Even though Kara's words seem insulting to people, they're totally innocent if you consider them from the perspective of their content.
	Despite the fact that Kara's words seem insulting to people, if you look at them from the point of view of their content, they're completely innocent.
	Though Kara's speech seemed to be insulting to people if you viewed them from the standpoint of content, they were completely innocent.
	And though Carla's speech may be humiliating and degrading, if you're able to see it in its context, they're quite naive.
	Even though Kara's statements are degrading, they're naive if you could see them in context.
	Although Carla's speech is humiliating, if you can think of it in the context, they're actually quite naive.
	As humiliating as Carla's words may be, they are quite naive if you can look at them in terms of context.
	Though Kara's words would be a disgrace... and if you could see it in context, they are quite naive.
	Although Carla's words are humiliating, and if you can think from the context, they're quite nave.
	Although Carla said something degrading if you'd look it in context they'd be quite naive.
	And while Carla's words are insulting, it's rather naive if you can look at them in context.
	Though Carla's talk was humiliating, they are actually quite naive if you can look at it in context.
	Although Carla's talk is humiliating, they're naive if you can put it in context.
	Even though Kara's language hurts people, if you look at them in the back, they're pretty innocent, aren't they?
	And despite all the hurt in Kara, if you look at it from a background, they're actually quite innocent.
	Although Carla's speech hurts, if you see this in the background they are all quite innocent.
	Despite what Kara said, in all of it it's quite innocent, if you look back at it from the background.
	Even if Carla's words hurt, they're actually quite innocent if you look at them in the background.
	And even if Carla's language hurts, if you can look at it in context, it's all quite innocent.
	Despite the hurtful words that Kara makes if you see the context, they're actually quite innocent.
	And despite the fact that Kla's language is very offensive, if you see this in your context, it's actually quite innocent.
	And though the Kara's words are so sad, if you look at those things in context, they're actually quite innocent.
	Even if Carla's words are so cruel, if you see them in the context, they're all quite innocent.
	Though Carla's words may appear to be an insult to you, if you look at your background, they're innocent.
	As humiliating as Carla seemed to say, if you look back on background, that was innocent.
	And though Kara's words seemed insulting to me, when you look from a background, you're innocent.
	Though Carla's speech seems insulting, if you look from a background, it's innocent.
	It might seem insulting to Carla, but if you look in your context, they're all innocent.
	Although Carla's words seem degrading, if in your context you would have been innocent, then that's the way it should have been.
	Even though Carla's language seems insulting, it's really innocent if you can read it from your background.
	Though Carla seems insulting in her words, if you look at your background, that's innocent.
	But the language of Kara seems insulting, but if you look at it against the background, there is nothing wrong with it.
	It may seem to be an insult to what Kara said, but when you look at it in the background, it really means that it's all innocent.
	Though Kara's words are humiliating, if you can see the context, they're actually quite innocent.
	Even though Carla's rhetoric was humiliating, they're actually rather innocent if you saw it from the background.
	Even if Carla's statements appear to be insulting, but when you get to the point that you're back there, they are actually quite innocent.
	Although Carla's words seem insulting, if you see them from the background, they're actually pretty innocent.
	Although Karla's statements appear insulting, they are actually quite innocent if you can see them in the context.
	Though Carla's statements appear to be humiliating, if you look at them against their background, they are actually quite innocent.
	But if you see a background of Kara's statements as humiliating, they're pretty innocent in the real world.
	While Kara's remarks seemed insulting, if you're looking at them from the background, they actually are quite innocent.
	But, though Carla's remarks were humiliating, if you could tell from the backdrop, they're actually quite innocent.
	Although Kara's remarks are insulting, if you look at them in the context of context they are, in fact, quite innocent.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even early in the city's life, the quest for knowledge led to the founding of a university.
Top 100 Translations
	Even in the early stages of cities, efforts to seek knowledge have led to the establishment of universities.
	Even at the earliest stage of a city, the search for know-how had led to the establishment of universities.
	Even in the initial phases of the city, efforts to seek knowledge have led to the establishment of universities.
	Even during the initial period of cities, efforts to find knowledge have resulted in the establishment of universities.
	Even in the early stages of urban life, attempts to seek knowledge had led to the establishment of universities.
	Even in the early phases of cities, the search for knowledge had led to the establishment of universities.
	Even in the early days of the cities, the search for knowledge has led to the establishment of universities.
	Even at this early stage in the urban context, knowledge-seeking efforts have led to the establishment of universities.
	Even at the earliest stages of the city, efforts to seek knowledge had led to the establishment of universities.
	Even in the initial phase of urban life, efforts to seek knowledge had led to the establishment of universities.
	Even in early days in the town, people's search for knowledge had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in early days, people were looking for knowledge in the city, resulting in the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stages of the city, the search for knowledge had resulted in the creation of a university.
	Even in the early days of town the result of the search for knowledge was the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early days of the city, people sought knowledge leading to the establishment of a university.
	Even in early days of town, the results of people's quest for knowledge had been the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early part of the city, people's search for knowledge had resulted in the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early days of the city, people were seeking knowledge, which had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in early urban times, people were seeking knowledge as a result of the creation of a university.
	Even earlier in the city, knowledge had been sought and the result had been the establishment of a university.
	Even in the earliest years of urban life, the search for knowledge led to the creation of a university.
	Even in the early days of urban life, the quest for knowledge has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early days of urban life, the search for knowledge led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at the very early days of life in cities, knowledge-seeking had made it possible to establish a university.
	Even in the early days of urban life, knowledge-seeking had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in early days of urban life, knowledge is sought in order to allow the establishment of a university.
	Even at the beginning of urban life, knowledge-seeking had allowed for the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early days of the city's life, the search for knowledge has made the establishment of a university possible.
	Even at an early stage of life in the cities, the search for knowledge had made it possible to establish a university.
	Even in the early days of life in cities, knowledge was sought, leading to the establishment of a university.
	Even during the early days of urban life, the exploration of knowledge resulted in the establishment of a university.
	Even at the beginning of urban life, knowledge was explored to make it possible to set up a university.
	Even at the beginning of the city's life, knowledge research has allowed for the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early hours of urban life, the exploration of knowledge has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early days of urban life, a university was created as a result of the exploration of knowledge.
	Even at the earliest days of life in the cities, knowledge is explored to make it possible to set up a university.
	Even at the earliest stages of the life of cities, knowledge is explored that led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at an early stage of urban life, the exploration of knowledge had made it possible to establish a university.
	Even in the early stages of life in cities, the search of knowledge has allowed the establishment of a university.
	Even at an early age of urban life, knowledge exploration has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stages of life in cities, the search for knowledge had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at this early stage of life in the city, the search for knowledge led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early days of urban life, the search for knowledge had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at the early stages of the city's lives, the search for knowledge has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at an early stage of the life of the city, the pursuit of knowledge had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stage of life of the city, the quest for knowledge had resulted in the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stages of life in urban areas, knowledge is sought which has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stages of life in cities, knowledge sought had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stages of the life of cities, the search for knowledge had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at the early stages of urban life, a search for knowledge has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at the very early hours of life in the city, people are trying to gain access to knowledge that has led to the creation of a university.
	Even at an early stage of life in the city, people were pursuing knowledge which had led to the creation of a university.
	Even at the beginning of urban life, people sought knowledge, which had led to the creation of a university.
	Even in the early days of urban life, people's knowledge-seeking has led to the creation of a university.
	Even in the early hours of urban life, people's pursuit of knowledge had led to the creation of a university.
	Even in the early days of life in cities, the pursuit of knowledge had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early years of urban life, people's quest for knowledge had resulted in the creation of a university.
	Even in the early part of life in cities, people were motivated by the need for knowledge that has led to the creation of a university.
	Even at an early stage of the life of cities, people's quest for knowledge had led to the creation of a university.
	Even early in urban life, people's quest for knowledge resulted in the start-up of a university.
	Even in the life of the city, efforts to secure knowledge had led to the establishment of universities.
	Even in the life of urban areas, attempts to find knowledge have led to the establishment of universities.
	Even in the urban life cycle, efforts to find knowledge have led to the establishment of universities.
	Even in urban life, the search for knowledge had led to the establishment of universities.
	Even as long ago as the time of the city, efforts to seek knowledge had led to the establishment of universities.
	Even as far back as life in cities, efforts to seek knowledge led to the establishment of universities.
	Even within the life span of the city, efforts to seek knowledge have led to the establishment of universities.
	Even long after the city's lifespan, efforts in search of knowledge had led to the establishment of universities.
	Even in the lifetime of cities, efforts to find knowledge have led to the establishment of universities.
	Even long after urban life, the search for knowledge had led to the establishment of universities.
	And even in the early stages of city life, the search for knowledge led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early days of urban life, the search for knowledge has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stages of urban life, seeking knowledge led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early years of urban life, the search for knowledge resulted in the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early days of the city, the search for knowledge led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stages of the citys life, the pursuit of knowledge led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early years of the city's life, searching for knowledge has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early days of urban life, the search for knowledge had led to the establishment of a university.
	And even earlier in urban life, the search for knowledge had led to the creation of a university.
	Even in the early stages of life in our cities, the pursuit of knowledge led to the establishment of a university.
	Even the early days of urban life, a search for knowledge had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at the beginning of the life of the city, the result of this search for knowledge has resulted in the creation of a university.
	Even at the early days of the city's lives, a search for knowledge has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early hours of life of a city the results of finding knowledge led to the formation of a university.
	Even at the start of the city's life, the results of this quest for knowledge led to the creation of a university.
	Even the outcome of a search for knowledge in the early stages of city life has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even the outcome of the search for knowledge in the early stages of urban life has led to the creation of a university.
	Even at the beginning of the city's life, the results of the pursuit of knowledge led to the establishment of the university.
	Even at this very early point of urban life, the results of knowledge-seeking had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stages of the city's life, the search for knowledge led to the formation of a university.
	Even in the early days of life in the city, the search for information has led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at the early days of life in the city, the search for knowledge led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at an early stage in urban life a university had been created through the search for knowledge.
	Even in the early days of life in the city, a university had been set up, through a search for knowledge.
	Even in the early days of the city, the search for knowledge resulted in the establishment of a university.
	Even in the early stages of life within cities, a university has been set up through the search for knowledge.
	Even during the early days of urban life, a university was set up through a search for knowledge.
	Even at the earliest hours of urban life, a university was established by looking for knowledge.
	Even in the early days of life in the city, the search for knowledge had led to the establishment of a university.
	Even at the earliest days of life in urban areas, a university was established as a result of a search for knowledge.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The three teenagers spent a cold night on the exposed mountain before rescuers arrived.
Top 100 Translations
	Before the rescue team arrived, three adolescents spent cold nights in the exposed mountainous areas.
	Before the rescue workers arrived, three adolescents spent cold evenings in exposed mountainous areas.
	Before the rescue came, three teenagers had spent cold nights in exposed mountainous areas.
	Before the rescue teams came, three teenagers spent the cold evenings in exposed mountainous areas.
	Before the rescue workers arrived, three teenagers had spent cold nights in exposed mountainous areas.
	Before the rescue team arrived, three youths spent cold nights in exposed mountainous areas.
	Before the rescue team arrived, three teenagers spent a cold night in exposed mountainous areas.
	Before the rescue teams arrived, three teenagers spent their cold nights in exposed mountainous areas.
	Three teenagers spent chilling evenings in the exposed mountains prior to the arrival of rescue workers.
	Three adolescents spent cold evenings in exposed mountain areas before the rescue personnel arrived.
	Before the rescue people came, three girls spent a chilling night in the open mountain.
	The three adolescent girls were living a cold night in the open mountain before the rescue personnel arrived.
	Before the rescue personnel arrived, three young girls had spent a cold night in the mountains in the open air.
	The three girls had a chilling night in the open-air hills before the rescue personnel arrived.
	Three young girls spent a cold night in the open-air mountains before the rescue crew arrived.
	The three girls spent a chilly night in the hill in open air before the rescue crew arrived.
	Three adolescent girls had been spending a cold night in a hill out in the open, before the rescue teams had arrived.
	Three young girls spent a cold night in the open hills before the rescue was even made available to them.
	The three young girls spent the cold night in an open hill before the rescue personnel arrived.
	Before the rescue personnel, the three girls had spent a cold night in an open mountain.
	The three teenagers spent the night on the exposed hill before the rescue troops arrived.
	The three teenagers stayed on exposed hills overnight, before the rescue troops arrived.
	The three adolescents spent the night on the exposed hill before the rescue crew arrived.
	Three juveniles spent the night in the exposed hill before the rescue troops arrived.
	They spent the night on exposed hills before the rescue troops arrived.
	Three of the young boys spent the night on a exposed hill before the rescue troops arrived.
	Before the rescue forces arrived, three juveniles spent the night on the exposed hill.
	The three teenagers had been spending the night in the exposed hill before the rescue troops had arrived.
	The three youths were spending the night in the exposed hills before the rescue troops arrived.
	The three minors had spent the night at the exposed mountain before the rescuemen had arrived.
	Before the Salvation Army came to it, the three teenagers spent a cold night on the mountains that had come to light.
	Until the Salvation Army arrived, the teenagers had been on the exposed hills for a cold night.
	The three adolescents had spent a cold night in a exposed mountain prior to the arrival of the Salvation Army.
	The three teenagers had a cold night on the shown mountain before they arrived as the Salvation Army.
	Before the Salvation Army got here, the three teenagers had a cold night on the exposed hill.
	The three teenagers had spent a cold night in the exposed mountains before the Salvation Army got there.
	These three teenagers spent a cold night on the visible mountain prior to the arrival of the Salvation Army.
	Prior to the arrival of the Salvation Army, these three teenagers spent a cold night on the exposed hill.
	Before the Salvation Army reached the city, the young people had gone through a cold night on the obvious hill.
	Until the Saviours got here, the three adolescents had spent a cold night on the exposed hill.
	Before the rescuer arrived, three young people had spent a cold night on an open-air hill.
	Prior to the arrival of relief workers, three teenagers spent a cold night on the open-air hill.
	Prior to the arrival of relief workers, three teenagers had been spending a cold night on an open-air hill.
	The three teenagers spent a cold evening at the open-air hill, before their rescuers arrived.
	Three teenagers had been spending a cold night on the open hill before the arrival of the rescuers.
	Before the relief workers arrived, three teenagers had spent a cold night on the open-air hill.
	The three juveniles had a cold evening on the open-air hill before their rescuers arrived.
	Prior to the arrival of rescuers, three adolescents spent a cold night on an open-air hill.
	Until the rescuer's arrival, three young people had to spend a chilling night on the open hill.
	Before the arrival of those rescued, three teenagers had spent a chilling night in open-air hills.
	Three teenagers had gone through a freezing night in the rough mountains in the open before the rescuer got here.
	Three teenagers spent one cold night in a hilly area of open air, before their rescuer came along, and it was a cold night.
	Three kids spent a cold night in the open mountain on a cold evening, before the rescuer got here.
	Before rescuers got here, three teenagers passed a cold night in the open hills on a cold night.
	Three teenagers spent a cold night in a mountainous field in the open air, before the rescuer arrived.
	The three teenagers, before the rescuers, were spending the night in the open mountains, in a cold night.
	Three teenagers, before the Rescuer, spent a cold night in the mountains in the open air and a cold night in the mountains.
	Three teenagers used one cold night, one cold night in a mountainous area in the open sea, before they were coming here for a rescuer.
	Three teenagers spend a cold night, a cold night in a mountain country in the open sky, just before a rescuer arrives.
	3 teenagers had a cold night outside the mountains of the open sea before the rescuer got here.
	Before the rescue teams arrived, three adolescents spent the night on exposed groves during a cold night.
	The three adolescents spent the night in a forest of exposed mountains on cold night prior to the arrival of rescue workers.
	Prior to the arrival of rescue personnel, the three youths spent the evenings in the exposed hills on a cold night.
	Before the rescue team arrived, the three adolescents spent the night in exposed hills on a cold night.
	Before the aid workers arrived, the teenagers stayed overnight in the exposed mountains on a cold night.
	Three teenagers stayed overnight in exposed mountain ranges in a cold night prior to the arrival of rescue workers.
	Prior to the arrival of rescuers, the three adolescents stayed the night in a cold night in exposed groves.
	Before the rescue personnel arrived, the three adolescents spent the night on the exposed mountain range on a cold night.
	Three juveniles spent the night in exposed hills in a cold night, before the aid workers arrived.
	Three youths spent the night in the exposed mountains in a cold night prior to the arrival of relief workers.
	Three adolescents spent the night of the cold in a exposed hill on a cold night prior to their rescue officers'arrival.
	The three juveniles passed the cold night on the surface of the hill on a cold evening before the rescue team arrived.
	On a cold night before the rescue arrived, three juveniles passed through a cold night on the exposed hill.
	Before the rescue teams arrived, the three adolescents had spent the cold evening on a exposed hill on a cold night.
	Before the rescue personnel came, the three adolescents spent the night of cold, on the bare hill in a cold night.
	Three juveniles spent their cold nights on the open hills before the rescue crews arrived and during a cold night.
	Three juveniles spent cold nights on a bare hill in a cold night prior to the arrival of the rescue personnel.
	Prior to the arrival of the rescue staff, the three young men had spent the night colder in the exposed hills on a cold night.
	The three youths spent the cold evening at the bare hill on one cold evening before the rescue crew arrived.
	The three adolescents, who had gone through a cold night on the bare hill before the rescuers came, had had to spend the night in the cold.
	The three youths spent a chill night on a hidden hill before the rescue crew arrived.
	These three adolescents spent a cold night on a concealed hill prior to the rescue team's arrival.
	These three adolescents spent one cold night in a hidden ridge before the rescuers arrived.
	The three youths spent a cold evening on a hidden hill prior to the arrival of the rescue personnel.
	The three adolescents spent a cold night in a concealed hill before being brought in by rescuers.
	The three youths spent a cold evening on an hidden hill before the rescue crew arrived.
	The three teenagers had spent a cold night on a hidden hill before the rescue crew arrived.
	The children spent the night in a cold place, in a hidden hill, prior to the rescue crews' arrival.
	These three adolescents spent the night of a cold night on a hidden hill prior to the rescue personnel's arrival.
	The three juveniles spent a chilling evening in a hidden hill, before the rescuers arrived.
	Three adolescents had spent a chilling night on the top of the Open Mountain before the lifeguard arrived.
	The three young persons spent a cold night at the top of the hill in the open air prior to the arrival of the lifeguard.
	Three teenagers spent a cold night on open mountain tops prior to the arrival of their lifeguards.
	The three adolescents had spent a chilling night on the top of an open mountain, before the lifeguards arrived.
	The three teenagers spent a chilling night on the rooftops of open mountains before the lifeguards arrived.
	Three adolescents had had a cold night on open mountaintops prior to the arrival of a lifeguard.
	Three young adolescents had spent a cold evening at the hilltop of open space prior to the arrival of a lifeguard.
	Three juveniles had spent a cold night on the top of open hills before the lifeguards arrived.
	Three juveniles had spent a cold night at the top of the open hill before the lifeguard arrived.
	Three youths had spent a cold night at the top of the open mountain before a lifeguard arrived.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Politicians have been arguing about the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
Top 100 Translations
	Politicians were arguing about the reasons for the decline in the number of those who had lost their jobs.
	Politicians continue to dispute the reasons for the fall in unemployment.
	Politicians have been arguing about the causes of the fall in unemployment.
	Politicians have been arguing on the reasons for the fall in unemployment.
	Politicians have been arguing about the reasons for the decline in unemployment.
	Politicians continue to argue about the reasons behind the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been arguing over the reason for the drop in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been debating the causes of the fall in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been arguing on the reason for the decrease in the number of people who have lost their jobs.
	Politicians have been arguing about the reason for the fall in unemployment.
	Politicians had been debating the reasons for the decline in unemployment.
	The reasons for the decrease in unemployment were constantly being debated by political scientists.
	Political scientists have been arguing on the reasons why the number of persons who are unemployed has decreased.
	The reasons behind the decline in unemployment have always been debated by political scientists.
	Politicians have consistently argued the reasons for the decrease in the number of those who lose their jobs.
	Political scientists have been arguing why there has been a decrease in the number of people who do not have a job.
	Political scientists have been debating the reasons for the decrease in the number of people who have lost their jobs.
	The political scientist has constantly debated the reasons for the decline in the number of people who have lost their jobs.
	Political scientists have consistently argued the reason for the decrease in the number of people who are unemployed.
	Political scientists have been debating the causes of the reduction of the number of unemployed.
	Political scientists have been questioning the reasons for the drop in the number of persons who have lost their jobs.
	Political scientists have been questioning the reason for the fall in the number of persons who have lost their jobs.
	Politicians have constantly questioned why there has been a drop in unemployment.
	Politicians have been questioning why the number of unemployed people has fallen.
	Politicians have constantly questioned why there has been a decline in unemployment.
	Political scientists have been questioning the underlying causes of the fall in the number of unemployed persons.
	Politicians have constantly questioned the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	The reasons for the fall in unemployment have been questioned by political scientists.
	Politicians continue to question the reasons for the fall in unemployment.
	Politicalists have consistently questioned the reason for the decrease in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been arguing about the reason for the decrease in the number of unemployed.
	Political leaders have been arguing over the reasons that have led to this decline in the number of those who are unemployed.
	Politicians have been arguing over the reasons for the fall in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been arguing about the reason for this decrease in the number of unemployed.
	Political figures have been arguing about the reason for the drop in the number of the unemployed.
	Politicians continued to argue about the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been arguing about the reasons why the number of unemployed persons has fallen.
	Political actors had been arguing about the reason for the decline of the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have constantly argued over the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians had been arguing about the reasons for the fall in the number of those who were unemployed.
	Politicians have debated the reasons for the fall in the number of people who are unemployed.
	Politicians have always had arguments about the causes of the fall in the level of unemployment.
	Politicians have consistently debated the causes of the decrease in numbers of people who have lost their jobs.
	Politicians have maintained a debate about the causes of the drop in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have always argued about the reasons for the decline in the number of persons who did not have access to the job market.
	Politics has been debating the reasons for the decline in the number of those who are unemployed.
	Politicians have always debated the reason for this decrease in the number of unemployed persons.
	Politicians have been debating the reasons for the decline in unemployment.
	Politicians have consistently argued about the reasons for the decline in the number of persons who have lost their jobs.
	There have been debates by politicians regarding the reasons for the decline of the number of unemployed.
	Political figures have been arguing about the reasons for the decrease in the number of people who are unemployed.
	Political figures have been tumbling about the reasons for this reduction in the number of those who lose their jobs.
	Political figures had been arguing the reason for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians argue the reasons for the decline in unemployment.
	Politicians have been fighting about the reasons why the number of unemployed people has decreased.
	Politicians have been fighting for the reasons that the number of unemployed persons has decreased.
	Politicians are arguing the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been arguing about the reasons for the decrease in the number of unemployed.
	Political figures had been quarrelling about the reason for the decrease in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been arguing about the reason for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have constantly argued the causes for the drop in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been contesting the reasons for the decline in the number of persons who have lost their jobs.
	Political figures have been debating the causes of the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians had been arguing the reason for the decline in the number of people who had lost their jobs.
	Politicians continue to argue about the reason for the fall in the number of people who are unemployed.
	Politicians had been arguing the reasons for the decrease in the number of unemployed.
	Political figures have been arguing about reasons for the fall in the number of people who are unemployed.
	There was continuing debate among politicians on the reasons for the fall in the number of people who lost their jobs.
	Politicians have constantly debated the reason for the decline in the number of people who are unemployed.
	Politicians have been debating what caused the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians had been arguing about the causes for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have been fighting on the grounds for the drop in the number of unemployed.
	Political figures are arguing over the reasons for their fall in unemployment.
	Politicians continue to argue about the reasons for this decline in the number of people who are unemployed.
	Politicians struggled about the causes of the fall in the number of unemployed.
	Political officials have been arguing about the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	The political figures have been arguing about the reasons for the fall in unemployment.
	Politicians had been quarrelling about why the number of unemployed persons had fallen.
	Politicians continue to quarrel about the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians are arguing about why the number of people who have lost their jobs has gone down.
	Politicians had been arguing about the reasons for the decreasing numbers of the unemployed.
	Politicians continue to disagree about the reasons for this decline in the number of people who have lost their jobs.
	Politicians have been arguing on the reasons for the decrease in the number of people who have lost their jobs.
	Politicians consistently argued about the reasons for the decrease in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians are arguing about the reasons for the reduction in the number of the unemployed.
	Politicians have continued to argue about the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians have consistently debated the reasons for this decrease in the number of unemployed persons.
	Politicians had been arguing over the reasons for the decline in the number of the unemployed.
	Politicians have continued to argue about the reason for the reduction of the numbers of the unemployed.
	Politicians have been debating the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians are arguing on the reasons for the decline in the number of persons who are unemployed.
	Politicians argue about the reasons for the decline of the number of people who have lost their jobs.
	Politicians argued on the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Political figures have argued on the causes of the decline in the number of people who have lost their jobs.
	Politicians argue on the reasons for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Political figures are arguing about the reasons for the fall in the number of people who are unemployed.
	Politicians have argued about the reasons that led to the decline of the number of unemployed.
	The political figures were arguing about the reason for the decline in the number of unemployed.
	Politicians are debating why the number of unemployed persons has fallen.
	There is much debate among politicians over the reasons for the decrease in the number of unemployed.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Charles Lindbergh was one of the early pioneers in powered flight and crossed the Atlantic in 1927.
Top 100 Translations
	Sherlindberg is one of the vanguards of a power flight in an early days, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was a pioneer in early power flights... and traveled across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the early pioneers in the power flight, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh is one of the early pioneers in power flight, and traveled the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of an early drive flight, and then crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers in the engine flight and made his way across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers in an early power flight and traveled across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was among the vanguards of the early drive flights and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Shel Lindbergh, one of the pioneers in the early power flight, had to travel across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Shell Lindbergh was one of the pioneers during the early motor flight, which crossed through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh is one of the early pioneers of the power flight and is crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the early power flight pioneers and transcended the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of the early kinetic flight and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was among the pioneers of the early dynamic flight and across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of the early power flying and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the early drivers of the flight pioneers and across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	And Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of the early power flight and crossed across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of an early dynamical flight and was able to cross the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the pioneers of the Early Dynamic Flights and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh is one of the early power pioneers of the flight and was crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of a power-driven flight, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the earliest pioneers in a power flight, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of the dynamics flight, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of the power-driven flights that crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charlie Lindbergh was among the very first pioneers of a powered flight that crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of a power flight, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers in the power flight, across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of dynamic flying, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the earliest pioneers in the power flight, through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	And Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of a powered flight that had crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first to be a pioneer for the powered flight, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of the powered flight, which crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the earliest pioneers of one of the kinetic flights, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of the powered flights, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of a dynamic airline flight that had crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of a powered airline that crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was among the first pioneers of one of the active flights that had crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the first pioneers of a dynamic airliner, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the first pioneers of a powered airline, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the first pioneers of a powered flight, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Mr. Charles Lindbergh was one of the first motivated pioneers of the flight and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindberg was one of the first motivated pioneers of the flight who had crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the first pioneers of the dynamic flight, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first motivated pioneers of the flight that crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first motivated pioneers of the flight, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first motivated flying pioneers to travel across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first dynamic flight pioneers to pass over the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh is one of the first dynamic pioneers of the flying race, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	One of the earliest motivated flight pioneers was Charles Lindbergh, who crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was among the first motivated pioneers of a flight that crossed the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of the power flight that had crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927, and across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pilots of a power-driven flight, which crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927, and the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh is one of the first pioneers of a motor flight, across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927 and across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh is one of the first dynamics pioneers, who crossed the Atlantic in 1927, as well as the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first power pioneers of a flight which crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927 and the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the first pioneers of a dynamic flight, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927, and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of a power race, which crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927, and the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh is one of the first pioneers in a powered flight. It crossed the Atlantic in 1927, and the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindberg was one of the first pioneers of the power flight that crossed the Atlantic in 1927 and the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the oldest pioneers of the power flight which crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927 and across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh had been one of the pioneers in the early dynamic flights, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh had been one of the pioneers of the original dynamic flights, travelling through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the pioneers of an original power-driven flight, had crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of the original powered flights, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of the original dynamic flight, travelling through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, who was one of the pioneers of the original power-driven flight, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the original pioneers in a dynamic flight which had taken place through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, who was among the first pioneers in a dynamic flight, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh had been one of the pioneers of the original dynamic flight, which had crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers in the original power flight, which was crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was at the vanguard in early power flights and crossed across the Atlantic, in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was the vanguards of an early power flight and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lyndberg was the early vanguard in the power flights and the crossing of the Atlantic Ocean, in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was early in the driving flight at the vanguard and the crossing across the Atlantic Ocean, in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was an early pioneer in a powered flight and crossed across the Atlantic Ocean, in 1927.
	Charles Lyndberg was the early vanguard of power flights and the trans-Atlantic, in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was the pioneer of an early dynamic flight and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was early on as the vanguard of power flights and to cross the Atlantic Ocean, in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was in the early stages of power flight and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was in the early stages of the power flight and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of powered flights, passing through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927 and later through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the earliest pioneers of power-driven flights, travelled across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927 and, in late, through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers in the dynamics flight, transiting through the Atlantic in 1927 and then through the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of the power-driven flight through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927, and later across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of a powered flight, travelling through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927 and then through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of this powered flight, moving through the Atlantic, in 1927, and then through the Atlantic, in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers in a dynamic flight that travelled through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927, and later through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the first pioneers of a dynamic flight, travelled through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927, and later through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, a pioneer in the development of the early flight, was seen to be passing across the Atlantic in 1927, but subsequently through the Atlantic in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was among the first pioneers of a powered flight which crossed through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927, then through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of the early dynamic flight, which took place across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the pioneering pioneers of the early launch of a flight of power, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers in early and dynamic flight movements that crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the pioneers of the early power-driven flights, travelled through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh is one of the first pioneers of an early start of power flights, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of an early powered flight, passing across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the pioneers of an early power flight which passed through the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the early pioneers of the dynamic flight, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh was one of the first pioneers of the early dynamic flight, which had crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
	Charles Lindbergh, one of the early pioneers of a start-up flight, crossed the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We used advertising to generate interest in the product and then educated people on how to use it.
Top 100 Translations
	We used ads to attract interest in the product, and then to teach people how to use it.
	And then we use advertising to create interest in the product, and we teach people how to use it.
	We use commercials to generate interest in this product, and we teach people how to use it.
	We used ads to generate interest in this product, then to teach people how to use it.
	And we use advertising to get interested in it, and then teach people how to use it.
	We were using advertising to interest it, and we'd teach people how to use it.
	And we use advertising to create interest in the product, and then to educate people about how to use it.
	We use advertisements to generate interest in this product and then educate people about how it's going to be used.
	We use advertising to spark an interest in the product, then we teach people how to use it.
	We use advertising to create interest in the product, and then we educate people on how to use it.
	And we use our advertising to stimulate interest in our products, and then educate people on how to use them.
	And we use advertising to inspire interest in the products, and to educate people about how the products are to be used.
	And we used advertising to stimulate the interest in the product, and we taught people how to use it.
	We used advertising to raise interest in our product and then to teach our people how to use it.
	We use ads to stimulate interest in the products, then we teach people how to use them.
	We use ads to get people interested in products, and then we teach people how to use them.
	We've used the advertising to stimulate interest in the products, and then educate people on how to use them.
	And we use ads to generate interest in products, and we teach people how to use them.
	We use advertising to inspire interest in products, and we teach people how to use them.
	We are using advertising to get people into interest in the product, and then teaching people how to use it.
	We use advertising to generate interest in the product, and we later educate the population about how to use it.
	We used ads to attract interest from the product, which we later taught the population about how this product is going to be used.
	And we used advertising to bring interest in the product and later to teach people how to use it.
	We have used ad campaigns to create interest in the products, and later to educate the public about how the products will be used.
	We used ads to generate interest in products and then educated people about how to use them.
	We were using the advertising to get interested in our product and later to educate the population on how to use it.
	We use advertising as an incentive to interest the products, and we teach people how to use them.
	And we used advertising to get interested in the product and then we'd teach people how to use it.
	So, we used this advertising campaign to stimulate interest in our product and to teach people how to use it.
	We used advertising to create interest in the product, and we later educate the public on the use of the product.
	We use ads to create interest in this product and then to educate people about how to use it.
	We're going to use advertising to mobilize interest in that product, and then we're going to teach it how to use it.
	We use advertising to raise interest in this product and then to educate people about how to use it.
	We use advertising to create interest in the product and then to teach people how to use it.
	And we use advertising to mobilize interest in the product and then teach people how to use it.
	We use advertising to build interest in that product, and then educate people on how to use it.
	And we use advertising to raise interest in the product, and then we to educate people on how to use it.
	It's used to stimulate interest in this product and then to educate people on how to use it.
	We're using advertisements to stimulate interest in this product and then educate people how to use it.
	We're using advertisements to raise interest in the product, and we're then teaching people how to use it.
	We used advertising to stimulate interest in the product and to educate people on how to use it.
	We use advertising to inspire interest in the product and then to teach the people how to use it.
	We are using the advertisement to generate interest in the product and then educate the people about how it is to be used.
	We use the advertising to generate interest in the product and then teach people how to use it.
	We used advertising to mobilize interest for that product, and then to educate people on how to use it.
	We used advertising to stimulate interest in it and then to teach people how to use it.
	We use advertisement to stimulate interest in the product, and then to educate people on how to use it.
	We use the advertisement to create interest in it and then to educate the population on how to use it.
	We use advertising to raise interest in this product, then educate people on how to use it.
	We used advertisements to stimulate interest in the product, and then educate people on how to use it.
	We use the ad to create interest in the product, and we then teach people how to use the product.
	We use advertising to attract interest in the product and then we educate people how to use the product.
	And we used them to create interest in the product, and then to educate people about the use of the product.
	We use ads to attract interest in products, and to educate people about how products can be used.
	We use advertisements to create interest in the product, and then we educate people about the use of the product.
	And we used the advertising to get interest in our products and then taught people how to use them.
	We're using advertising to get interest in products, and then we're educating people on how to use them.
	We used the ads to get interested in the products and then to educate people on how to use them.
	We use advertisements to generate interest in products, and then educate people about how products are to be used.
	We used the commercials to get an interest in the product and then to teach people how to use the product.
	We used advertising to attract people's interest in the product and to teach others how to use it.
	We use advertisements to draw interest in our products and then educate others how to use them.
	And we use ads to attract interest in products and then to educate others about how to use them.
	And we get people interested in products by using advertisements and then educate others on how to use them.
	We use ads to bring interest to the product, and then educate other people how to use the product.
	We're using advertisements to attract interest for products and then to educate others on how to use them.
	We use ads to attract people's interest in the products and to teach others how to use them.
	So we use the advertising to get people interested in the product, then we educate others about how to use the product.
	And we used the ads to attract people's interest in their products and then teach other people how to use them.
	We use the ad to attract people's interest in our products and then to educate others about how to use them.
	And we use advertisements to raise people's concerns about the products and then teach people how to use them.
	So, we use ads to create interest in what you're doing, and then we can teach how to do what you want to do with what you're doing.
	We use advertisements to get people to care for their products and then to educate people about how to use them.
	We use ads to raise people's awareness of the products, and we teach people how to use them.
	We used advertising to raise people's concerns for the products, and then we started teaching them how to use them.
	And we use commercials to raise interest in what's being used, and then we teach them how to use it.
	And we've used advertising to raise the awareness of people about the products, and we've got to tell people how to use them.
	And we use the advertising to raise interest in our products and teach people how to use them.
	We use advertising to raise people's concerns about the product and then educate them on how to use it.
	We use advertisements to raise concerns about products, then we teach people how to use them.
	We are using ads to stimulate interest in the product, and to educate people about how to use it.
	We used advertising to inspire interest in the product, and then we taught people how to use it.
	And we use that ad to generate interest in that product, and then to teach people how to use it.
	We use the advertising to stimulate interest in the product, and then educate people about how to use it.
	We use advertisements to stimulate interest in this product, and then teach people how to use it.
	We are using advertising to stimulate interest in the product and then to educate people about how to use it.
	And we use the advertising to stimulate interest in this product, and then teach people how to use it.
	We've been using advertising to generate interest in this product, and then to educate people on how to use it.
	And we used advertising to create interest for this product, and we taught people how to use it.
	We're using the advertising to generate interest for that product, and then we teach people how to use it.
	We used the ad to draw interest to that product, and then educate people to make use of it.
	We used ads to attract interest in this product, then to teach people about the use of the product.
	And we're using advertising to attract interest in this product, so then we're teaching people to use it.
	We use advertisements to appeal to people for the product, and then education people about the use of the product.
	We're using advertising to get people's interest in that product, and then teach people how to use it.
	We use advertising to attract interest in the product, and then we educate people about the use of the product.
	We put in advertising to bring people to this product and then we taught people to use it.
	And we use advertising to appeal to people, and then to teach people about the use of the product.
	We use ads to attract attention to the product, and then teach people to use it.
	We use advertisements to get an interest in the product, then teach people to use it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: It never occurred to me that Mike and Cherie's marriage was in any trouble.
Top 100 Translations
	I'm never thinking that Mike and Shirley's marriage were in any kind of trouble.
	- I never thought Michael and Sherry's marriage were in any kind of trouble.
	I've never imagined that Mike and Shelly's marriage would run into any kind of trouble.
	I never really thought that Mike and Shelly would get into any trouble at all when they got married.
	It's never occurred to me that Mike and Shirley are married... to get into any kind of trouble.
	I never thought Michael's marriage to Shelly would go through any kind of trouble.
	I'm never sure that Mike and Shirley's marriage is gonna end up in any kind of trouble.
	I never thought about Mike and Shirley's marriage being in any kind of trouble.
	I don't think Mike and Shelly's married is in any kind of trouble.
	I never had thought about any trouble with Mike and Sherry's marriage.
	I've never thought that Mike and Shirley's marriage would get into some kind of trouble.
	I never thought about what troubles Mike and Sherry's married to each other.
	I never thought that Michael and Sherry's marriage was gonna get into some kind of trouble.
	I never thought Mike and Shelly's marriage would get us into some kind of trouble.
	I never thought that Mike's marriage with Shelly could get in any kind of trouble.
	I never thought of the problems with Mac and Shelly's marriage.
	I never thought that Michael and Sheree's marriage would be in some kind of trouble.
	I never thought that Michael and Shelly's marriage could get in any kind of trouble.
	I've never thought about how Mike's marriage to Shelly is in any kind of trouble.
	- I never thought that Mac's marriage to Shelly was gonna get in any kind of trouble.
	I'd never had in mind that Michael's marriage to Shelley ran into any trouble.
	I didn't think about Mike and Shirley's marriage being in any kind of trouble.
	Well, I never thought Mike and Shirley's marriage would be in any kind of trouble.
	I never imagined that Michael and Shelly would have been in any trouble at all when we got married.
	I never thought about Mike's getting married to Sheri... and being in a whole lot of trouble.
	I never thought Mike's marriage to Shelley was going to go down in any kind of trouble.
	I never thought there would be any trouble with Mike's and Sherry's marriage.
	It's never occurred to me that Michael's marriage with Shirley was in any kind of trouble.
	I never think that Mike's marriage to Shelley is gonna get in any kind of trouble.
	I have never imagined Mike and Shelly's marriage could be in any kind of trouble.
	I had never thought Mike and Shirley's marriage would be in trouble.
	I've never imagined Mike and Shelley's marriage would be in trouble.
	I never thought Mike and Shelley's wedding were going to be in trouble.
	I never thought Mike's marriage with Shelly would be in trouble.
	I've never imagined that Michael and Sherry's getting married would be in trouble.
	I never thought Mike and Shelly's wedding would be in trouble.
	- I never thought Mike and Shelly would be in trouble.
	I never expected Mike and Shelly's wedding to be in trouble.
	I never imagined the marriage of Michael and Shelley was going through a lot of trouble.
	I never thought Mike and Shelly's getting married was gonna be in trouble.
	I never expected Mike and Chery to get in any kind of trouble with the marriage.
	I never thought Mac and Cherry's marriage would be in any kind of trouble.
	I never thought Mac and Cherie's marriage was in any kind of trouble.
	I'd never thought Mike and Cherry's marriage would get in any way that they'd get into any kind of trouble.
	I never imagined Mac and Cherry's marriage would get into any kind of trouble.
	And I never thought that Mike and Cherry's marriage had ever been in any kind of trouble.
	It never occurred to me that the marriage of Mac and Cherry was getting in any kind of trouble.
	I don't think Michael and Cherie had any problems with their marriage.
	I never imagined the marriage between Mike and Charlie was in any kind of trouble.
	I never thought that Mike and Cherie's marriage was in any trouble.
	I never thought it would be any problem with Mike and Cherie's marriage.
	I never had the idea that Mike was in trouble with Cherry's marriage.
	I never thought Mike's and Cherie's marriage would be in trouble.
	- I never imagined Mike's and Cherie's marriages would be in trouble.
	I never thought there would be trouble with Mike and Chery's marriage.
	I've never thought Mike and Cherie might have got a problem with their marriage.
	I never thought Michael and Cherie's marriage would be in trouble.
	Well, I never imagined there was anything wrong with Michael and Cherie's marriage.
	I never thought Mike's got trouble with Cherry's marriage.
	I never thought that Michael's and Cherie's marriage could possibly get in a lot of trouble.
	I never thought about what was wrong with Mike and Shelley's marriage.
	I've never thought of any of the problems that had happened with Mike and Shelley's marriage.
	I never thought about anything bad going into Mike's and Shelley's marriage.
	I don't think that's the problem with Michael and Shelley's marriage.
	I never imagined what was wrong with the marriage of Michael and Shelley.
	I had no idea what's wrong with Mike's and Shelley's marriage.
	I never thought of anything wrong with Michael and Shelley's marriage.
	I never imagined what happened with Mike's and Shelly's marriage.
	I never thought of any problems with Michael and Shelley's marriage.
	I don't ever think about what's wrong with Michael and Shelley's marriage.
	I've never thought about Mike and Charlie's marriage that's already been in any trouble.
	For me, it's never been possible for Mike and Cherry to get married to be in any kind of trouble.
	Never for me has it occurred to Michael and Charlie that their marriage had been in any trouble.
	For me, it's not like Mike and Chery's marriage's ever been in any trouble.
	Never for me ever thought that the marriage of Mike and Cherry had gotten into any trouble.
	I never thought Mike and Cheri's marriage would have been in any trouble.
	For me it never occurred to Mike and Cherry that marriage had been in any trouble.
	Never thought to me Mike and Cherry's marriage had been in any trouble.
	For me it's never occurred that Michael and Cherry's marriage have been in any trouble.
	I never thought that Mike's or Cherry's marriage had been in any trouble.
	I didn't even think of a problem with McKenna and Shelly's marriage.
	I never thought there'd ever be trouble in Mike's or Shelly's marriage.
	I had never thought of Michael and Shelly having trouble with their marriage.
	I never thought Mike and Sherry's marriage could be in trouble.
	I've never thought Mike and Shelly's marriage was going to be in trouble.
	I never imagined a problem in Michael and Shirley's marriage.
	Never thought that Mike and Shelly would have had a problem with their marriage.
	I never knew that Mac and Shelly's marriage was in trouble.
	I've never imagined that Michael and Shelly's marriage could be in a lot of trouble.
	I have never thought there would be trouble in Mike's or Shelly's marriage.
	I never even thought that Michael's and Cherie's marriage would be in any trouble.
	I never thought the marriage of Mike and Cherie would have any trouble.
	I never thought that Michael and Cherry's marriage would have any trouble.
	I never thought Mike's marriage with Chery was going to have any trouble.
	I've never thought Mike andCherry's marriage had any trouble.
	I've never considered that Mike and Cherie's marriage had any kind of trouble.
	I never thought that there'd be any problems with Mike and Cherie's marriage.
	I've never thought Mike and Cherie's marriage had any trouble.
	I've never thought that Mike and Cherie's marriage had any trouble.
	I've never considered that Mike's and Chery's marriage could have had any trouble.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: All attempts to reach Darren at home on his phone met with failure.
Top 100 Translations
	All attempts to make calls to Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to get a phone call from the house to Darren failed.
	All attempts to make a call to Darren at home failed.
	All the attempts to make the call to Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to telephone Darren at home failed.
	All the attempts to reach Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to reach Darren at his home on his phone failed.
	All attempts to contact Darun on his phone at Dalun's home failed.
	All attempts to reach Darren on his phone in Darren's house failed.
	All attempts to contact Darren on his phone at Darlene's home failed.
	Any attempt to use his phone at Darlenes house to contact Darren failed.
	All attempts to reach Dalun in his home, using his phone, failed.
	Any attempt to use his phone to reach Duran in his home failed.
	Every attempt to contact Darren on his phone in Darren's house failed.
	All of the attempts to contact Darren by his phone at Darren's house failed.
	Everything that tried to reach Duren with his phone at Darren's home failed.
	All attempts to reach Darlen on the telephone at his family's home failed.
	Any attempt to reach Daryl by telephone at his family's home failed.
	Attempts to reach Dalun by telephone at his home failed.
	All efforts to reach Daryn on the telephone at his home failed.
	Every attempt to reach Darren by telephone from his home failed.
	Attempts to reach Duron on the telephone in his home failed.
	All attempts to reach Daryn on the telephone in his home failed.
	Any attempt to reach Darn on the phone in his home failed.
	All attempts to reach Darun on the telephone at his home failed.
	All attempts to reach Darn on the phone at his home failed.
	All attempts to reach Darren's house by telephone failed.
	Every attempt to reach Darren's home on the phone failed.
	All the attempts to get on the phone to Darren's house failed.
	All attempts to reach the Darren's home by telephone failed.
	All attempts to get to Darren's house by telephone failed.
	All the attempts to get over to Darren's place on the phone failed.
	All attempts to reach Darren's house by phone failed.
	Any attempts to get on the phone to Darrens house failed.
	The attempt to reach the Darrens by telephone failed.
	All attempts to get a call to Darren's house failed.
	All attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All of the attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to make phone calls at home to Darren failed.
	All the attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All the attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to telephone Darren at home failed.
	All the attempts to make phone calls at home to Darren failed.
	All attempts to make a telephone call at home and to contact Darren failed.
	Dalun's efforts to go home and listen to his phone failed.
	The efforts to get Dadalun back home to answer the phone failed.
	Dadalene's efforts to get home on the phone failed.
	The effort to get Dadalun home and answer the phone failed.
	Every effort to go home to Darren on the phone failed.
	Every effort to reach the Darren home and answer the phone failed.
	The effort to reach Darren to come home on the phone failed.
	All attempts to get Dadarun home to answer the phone failed.
	The efforts made to get Dadaloun home to pick up the phone failed.
	Every effort to reach Dudley to come home and answer the phone failed.
	And all trying to call Darren at home failed.
	All the attempts to make a call from his home to Darren failed.
	All trying to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to make a telephone call to Darren at home failed.
	All the attempts to make a call to Darren at home failed.
	All of the attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All trying to make the call to Darren at home failed.
	Every attempt to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to call Darren at home failed.
	Any attempt to contact Darren over the phone at home failed.
	All attempts to reach Darren over the telephone at home failed.
	Every attempt to reach Darren over the telephone at home failed.
	All efforts made to make telephone contact with Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to reach Darren by telephone at home failed.
	All attempts to contact Darren by telephone at home failed.
	All attempts to make telephone contact with Darren at home failed.
	All attempts to make contact with Darren by phone at home failed.
	All attempts to reach Darren by telephone at home failed.
	All attempts to contact Darren on the telephone at home failed.
	All the attempts to get to the Loon house on a cell phone failed.
	Every attempt to reach Loon's home with a cell phone failed.
	All attempts to reach Lun's house with cell phones failed.
	All the attempts to reach Lun's house with a cell phone failed.
	Every attempt to reach Lon's house on a cell phone failed.
	And all the attempts to reach the Lon house with a mobile phone failed.
	Every attempt to get to Liang's house using his cell phone failed.
	Any attempt to get to Lonne's house using a cell phone failed.
	All the attempts to reach Lon's place on his cell phone failed.
	All attempts to reach Lun's house with their cell phones failed.
	Any attempt to use the telephone with Darren inside his home ended with a failure to communicate with Darren.
	All the attempts to have a telephone conversation with Darren at his home failed.
	All attempts to talk to Darren from his home by phone ended in failure.
	All the attempts to get a call to Darren from the house failed.
	Attempting to use telephones to call Darren at home failed.
	Attempts to use the telephone to reach Darren at home failed.
	Every attempt to use the telephone to talk to Darren at home failed.
	Attempts to make telephone conversations with Darren in the home all ended in failure.
	Attempts on the phone to speak with Darren at home failed.
	Any attempt to phone Darren at home ended up without a chance to be able to talk to Darren.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Any problems arising from the new contract are not my concern. I warned against signing it.
Top 100 Translations
	I was not concerned about the issues that arise with any new contract. I warned against signing a new contract.
	Any new contract will raise issues not of my concern. I warned you not to sign a new contract.
	I am not concerned about the problems which any new contract will entail. I warned against the signing of a new contract.
	The issue that arises for any new contract is not of concern to me. I warned you against signing a new contract.
	Any new contract poses issues that are not of concern to me. And I warned against signing a new contract.
	The problem created by any new contract is not one that I am concerned with. I warned against the signing of the new contract.
	The problems of any new contract are not of concern to me. I warned not to sign a new contract.
	I'm not concerned about the problems of any new contract. I warned not to sign a new contract.
	The question raised by any new contract is not a concern for me. I warned against signing a new contract.
	The problem that arises from any new contract is not a matter of concern to me. I warned you against signing a new contract.
	I am not concerned about any problems raised by the new contract, and I have cautioned against signing the new contract.
	I am not concerned about any problems arising from a new contract and I warned against the signing of a new contract.
	I am not concerned by any problems arising from a new contract, and I have warned against the signing of a new contract.
	I am not interested in any problems arising from the new contract, and I warned against signing the new contract.
	I was not concerned about any of the problems arising from the new contract, and I cautioned against signing the new contract.
	I was not concerned by any problems arising from the new contract and I warned against signing the new contract.
	I do not worry about any issues arising out of the new contracts, and I warned against the signing of the new contracts.
	I was not concerned about the issue of any new contracts, and I warned against the signature of new contracts.
	I am not concerned about any of the issues arising out of the new contract, and I warned against the signing of the new contract.
	I have no interest in any of the problems raised by the new contract, and I cautioned against the signing of the new contract.
	Any issues arising in this new contract are not a concern of mine and I cautioned against the signing of the new contract.
	I did not have any of the issues arising out of the new contract as a matter of concern to me, and did not warn of the signing of the new contract.
	I cautioned against signing any new contracts where any problems arose from those contracts that were of no concern to me.
	Any problem that arises in the new contract is not a matter for my own concern, and I have warned against the signing of the new contract.
	Any of the issues arising from new contracts are not a matter of concern to me and I have reminded you of the need to avoid signing new contracts.
	I have warned against signing any of the new contracts, no issue that comes into the way that they are not, has not been of concern to me.
	Any problem arising from a new contract was not a matter of concern to me. I cautioned against signing a new contract.
	Nothing in the new contract is my concern, and I have cautioned against the signing of the new contract.
	No issues arising in a new contract are my concern, and I cautioned against the signing of a new contract.
	Any problems arising from a new contract do not concern me, and I warned against signing a new contract.
	And I didn't pay attention to any matters arising from the new contract. I warn you not to sign the new contract.
	I'm not concerned about any of the problems that will be arising from a new contract. I'm warning against the signing of a new contract.
	I don't give a fuck about any of the problems raised by a new contract. I warn you not to sign a new contract.
	I am not concerned with any of the issues arising from a new contract. I warn you not to sign a new contract.
	Any problem arising out of the new contract is not something I'm interested in. I warn you, don't sign the new contract.
	I'm not interested in any questions arising from any new contract. I warn you, do not sign a new contract.
	I wasn't concerned by any of the issues arising from a new contract. I'm warning against signing a new contract.
	I'm not following up on any issues that arise with a new contract. I warn you, don't sign a new contract.
	I'm not concerned about any problem arising out of a new contract. I caution you not to sign a new contract.
	Any problem raised by the new contract is none of my concern. I warn you not to sign the new contract.
	I warned any issues in the new contract is not my concern. I warned you not to sign a new contract.
	I threatened any problems in the new contract is not my concern. I warned you not to sign the new contract.
	I warned any problems in the new contract is not my concern. I warned against signing the new contract.
	I warned any problems in the new contract is not my concern. I warned against signing the new contract.
	I warned any issues in the new Contract is not my concern. I warned you not to sign the new contract.
	I warned any issues in the new Contract is not my concern. My warning is not to sign the new contract.
	I threatened any issues in the new Contract is not my concern. I warned not to sign the new contract.
	I warned any issues in the new Contract is not my concern. I warn you, I warned you, you'll never sign a new contract.
	I feared any problems in the new contract is not my contract. I warn you, it's not my business to sign a new contract.
	I warned any problems in the new contract is not my concern.
	No issue arising out of a new contract was my business and I warned against the signing of a new contract.
	It is none of my concern to have any problem arising from the new contract and I warned against the signing of the new contract.
	Any issues arising from the new contract are my business, and I warned against the signing of the new contract.
	It is none of my business that any problem arising from a new contract should arise. I warn against the signing of a new contract.
	Any problems arising from the new contract are of no concern to me, and I warn against signing the new contract.
	It is not my business to have any issues arising out of the new contract and I warn against signing the new contract.
	It is not my business to have a problem arising out of the new contract, and I warned against the signing of the new contract.
	Any issue arising out of the new contract is of no concern to me, and I warn against the signing of the new contract.
	It is not for me to have any issues arising out of the new contract, and I caution against the signing of the new contract.
	Any problems arising from the new contract have nothing to do with me and I warned against signing the new contract.
	Questions related to the new contract do not concern me with me. I warned you never to sign the new contract.
	It's none of my business to have to do with the new contract. I've warned not to sign the new contract.
	I have nothing to do with any of the issues associated with the new contract. I warned you before not to sign the new contract.
	I am not interested in issues related to a new contract. I warned you not to sign a new contract.
	I have no interest in questions related to the new contract. I previously warned you against signing the new contract.
	I didn't have any problems with the new contract. I warned myself not to sign the new contract.
	I am not concerned with the new contract. I warned you against signing the new contract.
	It is not my business to discuss issues relating to the new contract. I warned you not to sign the new contract.
	I'm not interested in the issue that relates to the new contract. I warned you to stay away from the new contract.
	The issues associated with the new contract are not of interest to me. I have warned against the signing of the new contract.
	I do not intend to worry anymore about any more problems with the new contract and I warned you not to sign the new contract.
	I'd no more bet on anything else on the new contract, I warned you against signing the new contract.
	And I have no intention to be afraid of any further problems in that new contract; I warned against the signing of that new contract.
	I had no interest in worrying about any more of the issues in the new contract and I cautioned against signing the new contract.
	I have no further intention to worry about any more of the issues in the new contracts, and I warned against the signing of the new contracts.
	I had no intention of worrying about any more of the issues of the new contract, and I warned you not to sign the new contract.
	I no longer want to worry about any issues under the new contract, and I warned you not to sign the new contract.
	And I'd rather be concerned no more about any problems in the new contract and I warned you not to sign the new contract.
	I'm not trying to worry about any more of the problems of a new contract, and I warned you not to sign a new contract.
	And I have no intention of worrying about any of the matters in the new contract. I warned not to sign the new contract.
	Any issues relating to new contracts were not of interest to me, and I warned against the signing of new contracts.
	Any issue relating to the new contract is not of concern to me and I warned against the signing of the new contract.
	Any issues relating to new contracts have not been my concern, and I have warned against signing new contracts.
	No question related to a new contract is my concern, as I warned against the signing of a new contract.
	No issue relating to the new contract was a concern of my own, and I warned not to sign the new contract.
	No issues relating to the new contract are any of my concern, and I warned against the signing of the new contract.
	Any issue in connection with the new contract is not of concern to me, as I had warned against signing the new contract.
	No issue related to a new contract has ever been my concern, and I warned against signing a new contract.
	Any issue related to the new contract is not a matter of concern to me, and I warned against signing the new contract.
	No issues related to new contracts have ever been of interest to me, as I warned against signing new contracts.
	It's none of my business to have any issues arising out of the new contract. I warned you not to sign the new contract.
	I have nothing to do with anything that comes up with the new deal. I warn you against signing the new contract.
	It doesn't bother me about any of the problems caused by a new contract. I warn against signing a new contract.
	It's not my business for any problems to come out of the new contract. I warn you not to sign the new contract.
	I don't care about any of the issues that arise from the new contract. I warn you not to sign the new contract.
	I am not interested in any issues that may arise under the new contract. And I warn you against signing the new contract.
	I have nothing to do with the problems arising from the new contract. I caution against signing the new contract.
	Anything that might arise from the new contract is my problem. I warned you not to sign the new contract.
	Any questions that arise in the new contract are of no concern to me. I caution against the signing of the new contract.
	Any problems that arise from the new contract are none of my business. I do not warn you to sign the new contract.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The director was accused of being inflexible in the way he ran the company.
Top 100 Translations
	Company managers are charged with managing the company in an inflexible manner.
	Corporate managers were charged with managing companies in an inflexible manner.
	Corporate managers were accused of managing their enterprises in ways that they were not inflexible to manage them.
	Company managers have been charged with managing companies in a manner that makes them unwieldy to manage the company.
	Corporate managers are accused of having managed firms in an inflexible manner.
	Corporation managers are alleged to be managing corporations in a manner that is inflexible to the management of the company.
	The company manager is alleged to be managing the company in a way that does not have the flexibility to manage the company.
	Company directors are accused of managing a company in a way which is inflexible to manage the company.
	Corporate managers have been accused of managing the firm in an inflexible manner.
	The company manager is accused of managing the company in a manner that is inflexible in the administration of the company.
	The director is accused of rigidity in the way of management of the company.
	The director was accused of rigidity in the manner in which he managed the company.
	The director was accused of being rigid as to the way that the company was managed.
	The director was accused of being inflexible in the way of managing the company.
	They were accused of rigidity in the way that they managed the company.
	The director was charged with rigidity over the way he was managing the company.
	The director was accused of rigidity in the way of managing the company.
	The director was accused of inflexibility in the way of managing the company.
	He was accused of being stiff and stiff in the way he managed the company.
	The director was accused of being rigid on how to run the company.
	The director had been accused of rigidity in the way in which he managed the company.
	He was accused of being stiff in the manner in which he managed the company.
	The director was accused of being inflexible in the way he managed the company.
	The Director was accused of being hard and stiff on the manner in which the company was managed.
	The Director-General is accused of being stubborn in the manner in which he managed the company.
	The Commissioner was charged with rigidness in the manner in which he managed the company.
	The director was accused of rigidity in the way in which he managed the company.
	The director was accused of being stiff in the way of managing the company.
	The Director-General was accused of being rigid on the way in which he managed the company.
	The Director General was accused of rigidity in the way in which he managed the company.
	The director is charged with rigidity in the way of managing the company.
	The director was accused of being rigid in the way of managing the company.
	The director was charged with rigidity in the manner of managing the company.
	The director was accused of being rigid in the way of the management of the company.
	The Director was accused of being rigid about the manner in which he managed the company.
	The director was alleged to be rigid in his manner of management of the company.
	This director was charged with rigidity in the way of managing the company.
	The director was alleged to have been rigidly rigid in terms of the manner of management of the company.
	The Director was accused of being rigid in the manner of managing the company.
	The director was accused of being rigid and rigid with regard to the way of managing the company.
	Managers are accused of being rigid in the manner in which they manage their companies.
	The manager was accused of being rigid and rigid in the manner in which the company was managed.
	Managers are accused of being stiff and rigid on how to manage the company.
	Managers are accused of being inflexible with the way of managing the company.
	The manager is alleged to have been rigid in his way of managing the company.
	The manager is accused of being inflexible in the way that the company is managed.
	Managers were accused of being rigid and rigid in the manner in which they managed the company.
	Managers were alleged to be rigid about the manner in which they managed the company.
	The manager is accused of rigidity in the way he manages the company.
	Managers were accused of being stiff and rigid in their way of managing the company.
	The director was charged with being hard and stiff when he was running the company.
	The director was accused of being rigid when managing the company.
	The director was accused of being stymied when he managed the company.
	The Director was accused of being stiff and hard-working in the management of the company.
	The director was accused of being stymied during the management of the company.
	The director was accused of rigidity in the management of the company.
	The director was accused of being rigid in managing the company.
	The director was accused of being inflexible at the time of management of the company.
	The director was accused of inflexible management of the company.
	The director was charged with being stiff in the management of the company.
	A director was alleged to be inflexibility in the way in which he administered the company.
	The director was alleged to be inflexible in the way that he managed the company.
	A director is alleged to be inflexible with the manner in which he or she manages the company.
	The directors were accused of being inflexibility regarding the way in which they managed the company.
	The director was accused of having lacked the flexibility of the manner in which he or she managed the company.
	The director is alleged to have been inflexible about the way in which he manages the company.
	The director was accused of having inflexibility over the way in which he managed the company.
	Directors have been accused of lack of flexibility in the manner in which they manage the company.
	The director is accused of inflexibility regarding the manner in which he or she manages the company.
	The director is alleged to lack flexibility with regard to the way in which he manages the company.
	He was charged with being rigid in the way in which the company operated and the manager was charged with being not in a position to act flexibly.
	He is charged with inflexibleness as to how the company operated and the manager was charged for not having the flexibility to act.
	He is accused of rigidity in how the company works, and the manager is accused of being inflexible.
	He was accused of being rigid in the way the corporation operated, and that the manager was being accused of being immeasurably inflexible.
	He was charged with inflexibility in the way in which the company was conducted, and he was accused of not having the flexibility to act.
	He is charged with inflexibleness with regard to the manner in which the company operates, and the manager is accused of being inflexible.
	He was accused of being rigid in the manner in which the company operated, and the manager was accused of being inflexible.
	He was accused of being rigid in the manner in which the company was operated, and the manager, who was accused of having not had the flexibility to act.
	He was accused of rigidity in the company's business modalities and of lack of flexibility on the part of the manager.
	He was accused of rigidity in the company's way of conducting business, and of inflexibleness on the part of the manager.
	The director was charged with being without softness in the manner of managing the company.
	This board member was accused of having been indefensible in the way of managing the company.
	The director was accused of being in no way soft about the manner in which he managed the company.
	The director had been charged with being not soft in the way that he managed the company.
	This director is charged with having no softness whatsoever in the way of managing the company.
	The Board member is accused of not having any soft language in the way of managing the company.
	The director was said to have no softness in the manner in which he managed the company.
	The director was accused of being unsoft in the way he managed the company.
	The director was alleged to have no softness at all regarding the way in which he administered the company.
	The director was allegedly unsophisticated in terms of the way in which he was to manage the company.
	Company directors are accused of being incompetent with the way in which they manage the company.
	Corporate managers were alleged to have done little to regulate the way the company was managed.
	Corporate managers have been accused of being useless to the way in which they manage the company.
	The manager of the company had been charged with doing nothing about the manner in which he had been managed by the company.
	The corporate manager is alleged to have done nothing for the way that the company is managed.
	Corporate managers have been charged with making little sense as to the way in which the company is managed.
	Company executives were accused of having nothing to do with how the company was managed.
	Corporate managers are accused of being incompetent to the way in which they manage the company.
	A company manager is accused of doing nothing with regard to the way in which the company is managed.
	Corporate directors have been charged with doing nothing about the way in which they manage the company.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: In the tough economic climate, the company GTV has shrunk by over 40%.
Top 100 Translations
	Under the tough economy, the GTV had contracted by more than 40 percent.
	And in a harsh economy, the GTV firm contracted by more than 40 percent.
	In the harsh economic conditions, GTV contracted by more than 40 percent.
	The GTV company has a contraction of more than 40 percent under a harsh economic environment.
	And in a severe economic climate, the GTV contracted up by more than 40 percent.
	Under the harsh economic conditions, GTV has contracted by more than 40 per cent.
	In a harsh economic climate, the GTV company has contracted by more than 40 per cent.
	Under a harsh economic environment, GTV is contracting by more than 40 percent.
	In a grim economic environment, GTV contracted by more than 40 percent.
	In an extremely tough economic environment, GTV was shrinking by more than 40 percent.
	In a difficult economic context, the size of GTV contraction has been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	The contraction of GTV has declined more than 40 per cent, in the face of a difficult economic situation.
	At a time when the economic situation was difficult, the contraction of GTV had decreased by more than 40 per cent.
	At a time of difficult economic conditions, GTV had reduced its contraction by more than 40 per cent.
	In view of the difficult economic situation, the contraction by GTV had decreased by more than 40 per cent.
	In the difficult economic environment, the rate of contraction of GTV had been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In a difficult economic situation, the decline of GTV has been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In difficult economic conditions, the rate of contraction of the GTV firms has been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In a context of difficult economic conditions, the contraction rate of GTV has already been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In the difficult economic situation, the contraction of GTV has been reduced by over 40 per cent.
	In the difficult economic climate GTV has been cut down by more than 40 per cent.
	Under difficult economic conditions, GTV has shrunk by more than 40 per cent.
	In a difficult economic situation, GTV had been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In the difficult economic conditions, GTV contracted more than 40 per cent.
	In the difficult economic environment, GTV has been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In the difficult economic environment, the GTV company has been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In difficult economic circumstances GTV has shrunk by more than 40 per cent.
	Under the difficult economic climate, GTV decreased by over 40 per cent.
	In the difficult economic environment, GTV was downped by more than 40 per cent.
	In the difficult economic environment, the GTV company had contracted by more than 40 per cent.
	The GTV has reduced its share by over 40 per cent in a difficult economic climate.
	GTV has been reduced by more than 40 per cent in a difficult economic climate.
	GTV has experienced a drop of more than 40% in the difficult economic climate.
	GTV has been reduced by more than 40% in a difficult economic climate.
	GTV has lost by over 40 per cent in the difficult economic climate.
	GTV has declined by more than 40% in the difficult economic climate.
	GTV lost more than 40 percent of the country's economy over the years, in a difficult economic climate.
	The company GTV has lost over 40 per cent of its value in a difficult economic climate.
	GTV has reduced it by over 40 per cent in a difficult economic climate.
	The GTV company was cut by more than 40 percent in a difficult economic climate.
	In the dire economic situation, GTV has shrunk by more than 40 per cent.
	Under the poor economic situation, the GTV has been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In poor economic terms, GTV has been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In the dire economic situation, GTV has shrunk by more than 40 per cent.
	In the dire economic situation, GTV shrunk by more than 40 per cent.
	In the worst economic conditions, GTV contracted by more than 40 per cent.
	In the worst economic circumstances, GTV shrunk to over 40 per cent.
	Under the poor economic situation, GTV has shrunk by more than 40 per cent.
	In the dire economic situation, the GTV company had decreased by more than 40 per cent.
	In poor economic conditions, GTV had shrunk by more than 40 per cent.
	Under the economic circumstances, the GTV contracted by more than 40 per cent and the company slowed down by more than 40 per cent.
	The GTV contract is over 40%, in a difficult economic environment and has slowed the company's rate up by more than 40%.
	In an economic downturn, GTV has contracted by over 40 percent and its speed has slowed down by over 40 percent.
	In an economic crisis, GTV contracted more than 40% and the company decelerated more than 40%.
	In an economic resource situation, the GTV company contracted more than 40 percent and decelerated more than 40 percent.
	In an economic distress, GTV has shrunk by more than 40 percent of its company's speed has slowed by more than 40 percent.
	And in a difficult economic climate, GTV contracted by more than 40% and slowed down by more than 40%.
	In a difficult economic situation, GTV shrinked by over 40 percent, and the company slowed down by more than 40 percent.
	In the midst of economic hardships, GTV had contracted more than 40 percent, and the firm slowed down more than 40 percent.
	In an economic crisis situation, GTV contracted by more than 40 percent and the company decelerated by more than 40 percent.
	In the harsh economic conditions, the GTV company has reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In a harsh economic environment, GTV has been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	In a harsh economic condition, GTV has been cut by over 40 per cent.
	Under difficult economic conditions, GTV has been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	Under severe economic conditions the GTV was cut back by more than 40 per cent.
	In difficult economic circumstances, GTV was reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	Under the harsh economic conditions, the GTV had decreased by more than 40 per cent.
	Under harsh economic conditions, the GTV contract was reduced by more than 40 per cent.
	Under harsh economic conditions, the GTV company has been downsized by more than 40 per cent.
	Under the harsh economic conditions, GTV experienced a reduction of more than 40 per cent.
	GTV has experienced a reduction of over 40 per cent in the harsh economic climate.
	In the harsh economic climate, GTV was cut by more than 40 per cent.
	In the harsh economic climate, the GTV has decreased by more than 40 per cent.
	In the harsh economic climate, GTV experienced a reduction of more than 40 per cent.
	In a dire economic climate, the GTV Corporation has decreased by more than 40 per cent.
	In a challenging economic climate, GTV has experienced a reduction of more than 40 per cent.
	In a severe economic climate GTV has declined by over 40 per cent.
	In its severe economic climate, GTV has experienced a decline of more than 40 per cent.
	In a critical economic climate, GTV has declined by over 40 per cent.
	In the severe economic climate there has been a reduction of GTV of more than 40 per cent.
	GTV has cut staff by more than 40 percent in difficult economic circumstances.
	In the run-up to the crisis, GTV fell over 40% in the middle of a difficult economic situation.
	GTV, in a difficult economy, has been cut back by more than 40 percent.
	GTV, under the difficult economic circumstances, has cut its staff by over 40 percent.
	At a time of economic stress, the GTV company reduced its staff by more than 40 percent.
	GTV lost over 40% of its staff in a difficult economic situation.
	GTV's reduced staff by more than 40 percent in an economically difficult situation.
	With a difficult economic situation, GMV has cut the workforce by more than 40 percent.
	GTV has been reduced by more than 40 per cent under a difficult economic situation.
	GTV has been downped by over 40 percent in a difficult economic situation.
	In harsh economic circumstances, GTV has shrunk more than 40 per cent. (GTV, GTVs companies have shrunk more than 40 per cent.)
	GTV is down by over 40 per cent in a harsh economic environment. (GTV, the GTV company, shrank by more than 40 per cent.)
	GTV shrunk by more than 40 per cent in a harsh economic climate. (GTV, GTV's firm, shrunk by more than 40 per cent.)
	GTV shrunk more than 40 percent in harsh economic climates. (GTV, the GTV's company has contracted more than 40 percent.)
	In the harsh economic environment, the GTV has been reduced by over 40 per cent. (GTV, GTVs company has been inflamed by more than 40 per cent.)
	In a harsh economic environment, GTV reduced its size by more than 40%. (GTV, GTV has shrunk by more than 40%.)
	In a grim economic environment, the GTV company shrank by more than 40 per cent. (GTV, its GTV company, shrank by more than 40 per cent.)
	In a harsh economic environment, GTV contracted by 40% or more. (GTV, GTV's company contracted by more than 40%.)
	The GTV contract has fallen by more than 40% in an harsh economic environment. (GTV, the GTV company contracted more than 40%.)
	The company GTV has been cut by more than 40 per cent in a severe economic climate. (GTV, the GTV company, shrank by more than 40 per cent.)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse has caused life expectancy to fall in some countries.
Top 100 Translations
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcoholism have led in some countries to a decline in life expectancy.
	In some countries, modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcoholism, have resulted in a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse have in some countries contributed to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcoholism have, in some countries, contributed to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern circumstances, such as diabetes and alcoholism, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcoholism, have contributed to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern circumstances such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol use have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcoholism have led to declining life expectancies in a number of countries.
	Contemporary circumstances, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have contributed to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcoholism lead to a decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	In a number of countries, modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have resulted in a decline in life expectancy.
	In a number of countries, modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy.
	In some countries, modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy.
	In a number of countries, modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have resulted in a decline in life expectancy.
	In some countries, modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to declining life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have led to a decrease in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	In a number of countries, modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have resulted in a decline in life expectancy.
	In some countries, modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, are already leading to a decline in life expectancy.
	In some countries, modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have led to a decline in life expectancy.
	The contemporary conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, have in some countries already led to a decline in life expectancy.
	Contemporary situations such as diabetes and alcohol abuse have contributed to the reduction of life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol misuse, have already resulted in a decline of life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, have led to declining life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse had led to a decrease in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decrease in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Contemporary conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have already led to a reduction in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcoholism had contributed to the decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcoholism, have contributed to the decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol use, have led to a decrease in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Contemporary conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol consumption, have resulted in the decline of life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol consumption, have led in some countries to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have led to the decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse have led to the decline of life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have contributed to a drop in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcoholism have resulted in a drop in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcoholism, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, had led to reduced life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse have resulted in lower life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, including diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, have resulted in a decline of life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and the abuse of alcohol had led to lower life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes diabetes and alcohol abuse, have resulted in a decline in life expectancies in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, have brought about a reduction in life expectancies in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have contributed to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, had led to a decrease in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Contemporary conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have already led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes, and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, had led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have resulted in lower life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, had led to a decline in life expectancies in a number of countries.
	Contemporary conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have resulted in a decrease in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to declines in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcoholism, have led to a decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcoholism, have contributed to a decrease in life expectancy in some countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcoholism, have led to a decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcoholism, in some countries have contributed to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcoholism have in some countries resulted in a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol use in some countries have caused a reduction in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcoholism in some countries, have led to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol use, have contributed to a decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse in some countries, have led to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcoholism have led to reduced life expectancy in some countries.
	Contemporary conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have contributed to a reduction in life expectancy in some countries.
	Contemporary conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have resulted in a decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol misuse, have resulted in a decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	Contemporary conditions, such as diabetes and the abuse of alcohol, are contributing to a decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	Contemporary conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse have contributed to the decrease in life expectancy in some countries.
	Modern conditions, like diabetes and alcohol abuse, have resulted in a decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	In several countries, modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have contributed to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and abuse of alcohol, have in some countries contributed to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and the abuse of alcohol, have led to a decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes, and alcohol abuse, have led in some countries to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have caused life expectancy to decline in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse have contributed to the decline in life expectancy in some countries.
	Contemporary conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a reduction in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have resulted in lower life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, have led to a decrease in life expectancies in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and the abuse of alcohol, have already led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol misuse have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse have resulted in a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, have led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, had led to a decline in life expectancy in a number of countries.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse in several countries have contributed to the decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse, in some countries have contributed to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse in a number of countries have led to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, in some countries have led to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, in some countries, have resulted in a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes mellitus and alcohol abuse, led in some countries to a decline in life expectancy.
	The modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse in some countries, have contributed to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse in some countries have led to a decline in life expectancy.
	Modern conditions, such as diabetes and alcohol abuse in some countries, lead to a decline in life expectancy.
	In some countries, modern conditions such as diabetes and alcohol abuse have resulted in a decline in life expectancy.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The words of his resignation letter implied he was unhappy with several of his former colleagues.
Top 100 Translations
	The words of his letter of resignation implied that he was not satisfied with some of his former colleagues.
	The letter of resignation suggested that he was dissatisfied with several of his former colleagues.
	The words in the letter of his resignation would suggest that he was not satisfied with a number of his former colleagues.
	The remarks in his letter of resignation imply that he is not satisfied with several of his former colleagues.
	The words of his resignation implied that he was not satisfied with the statements made by several of his former colleagues.
	The words of his resignation suggest that he is dissatisfied with several of his former colleagues.
	The words of his letter of resignation imply that he is not satisfied with several of his former colleagues.
	The letter of his resignation suggested that he was unhappy with several of his former colleagues.
	The words in his resignation letter suggested that he did not wish to express his feelings about several of his former colleagues.
	His letter of resignation suggested that he was dissatisfied with a number of his former colleagues.
	The words in the letter of his resignation implied that he was not satisfied with his former colleagues.
	It is implied from the language of his resignation that he is not satisfied with his previous colleagues.
	The language contained in the letter of resignation suggested that he was not satisfied with his former colleagues.
	The letter of his resignation suggests that he was dissatisfied with the remarks of his former colleagues.
	The words in his letter of resignation hinted that he had not been satisfied with the previous members of his colleagues.
	The letter of his resignation implicitly suggested that he was not satisfied with the experience of his former colleagues.
	The language of the letter of resignation implies that he is not satisfied with what was done by his former colleagues.
	The letter of his resignation implied that he was not satisfied with the words of his former colleagues.
	The words of his letter of resignation suggest that he was not satisfied with the past few of his colleagues.
	It was implied in the words of his letter of resignation that he had not been satisfied with his previous colleagues.
	The words of his letter of resignation imply that he is not happy with a number of his former colleagues.
	He resigned from the letter implying that he was displeased by some of his former colleagues.
	The words contained in his letter of resignation implied an unhappiness for him and for a number of his former colleagues.
	The message in his resignation implied a discomfort for him and for a number of his former colleagues.
	In his resignation from the letter, he implies an element of unhappiness with several of his former colleagues.
	His resignation from the letter implies a sense of discomfort among him and several of his former colleagues.
	The words in his letter of resignation imply that he has been unhappy with a number of his former colleagues.
	The statement in his letter of resignation implied discomfort with several of his former colleagues.
	The words of his resignation from the letter implicitly implied unsatisfiedness with a number of his former colleagues.
	The words in his letter of resignation implicitly imply discomfort for him and for a number of his former colleagues.
	What was said in the letter of his resignation implies that he was dissatisfied with his previous colleagues.
	The remarks he made in his letter of resignation implicitly mean that he was not pleased with the previous colleagues.
	The words in his letter of resignation implies that he was not satisfied with his former colleagues.
	The statement in his letter of resignation implicitly implies his dissatisfaction with the previous colleagues.
	What he said in his letter of resignation implied that he was not satisfied with his previous colleagues.
	The words contained in the letter of his resignation imply that he is not satisfied with his previous colleagues.
	What he said in his resignation letter implied that he was unsatisfied with the previous colleagues.
	His resignations implied that he had not been satisfied with his previous colleagues.
	The remarks made by him in his letter of resignation implied his dissatisfaction with some of his predecessor's colleagues.
	The words in the letter of his resignation imply the dissatisfaction of him with his previous colleagues.
	The words of his letter of resignation implied that he and a few previous colleagues had been unsatisfied.
	The words in his letter of resignation suggest that he was unhappy with a number of his former colleagues.
	The wording of his letter of resignation implies that he has had an unhappy time with a number of his former colleagues.
	The wording contained in his letter of resignation suggests that he was not happy with a number of his former colleagues.
	It is implied in the language of his resignation that he is not happy with some of his former colleagues.
	The wording of his letter of resignation implied that he was not happy with a number of his former colleagues.
	The language in his notice of resignation implies that he was unhappy with a number of his former colleagues.
	The wording of his resignations implies that he was unhappy with a number of his former colleagues.
	The wording of his letter of resignation implicitly suggests he was unhappy with some of his former colleagues.
	The wording of his letter of resignation implies that he would not be pleased with some of his former colleagues.
	His resignation from the letter implied displeasure on the part of a number of his former colleagues.
	The wording of his letter of resignation indicates a discomfort between him and a number of his former colleagues.
	The remarks in his letter of resignation imply that he is unhappy with some of his former colleagues.
	The statement in his resignation letter implies an unsatisfied attitude on his part towards a number of his former colleagues.
	The words in his letter of resignation imply that he is unhappy with a number of his former colleagues.
	The message in his resignation implied that he had had an unsettling experience with a number of his former colleagues.
	The remarks of his letter of resignation implied discomfort for him and some of his former colleagues.
	The language of his letter of resignation implied a discomfort for him and some of his former colleagues.
	The remarks in his letter of resignation suggest a distaste for him and for some of his former colleagues.
	The words in the letter of his resignation implied that he was uncomfortable with a number of his former colleagues.
	The words in his letter of resignation suggested that he was dissatisfied with several of his former colleagues.
	The vestiges of his resignation implies that he is not satisfied with several of his former colleagues.
	The last words of his resignation in writing imply that he was not satisfied with a few of his former colleagues.
	The latter's letter of resignation suggested that he was not satisfied with a number of his former colleagues.
	The last words of his letter of resignation suggest that he was not satisfied with some of his former colleagues.
	His last words in his letter of resignation imply that he was not satisfied with his former colleagues.
	The last words in his letter of resignation implied him not being satisfied with some of his former colleagues.
	His last words in his resignation letter suggest that he is not satisfied with a number of his former colleagues.
	The final words in his resignation letter suggest that he was not satisfied with some of his ex-Commonwealths.
	His suicide note hints that he is dissatisfied with several of his former colleagues.
	The words contained in his letter of resignation imply that he is less than desirable with some of his former colleagues.
	His words in the resignation implied he and some former colleagues had fallen short of expectations.
	The words of his resignation implicitly imply that he and some previous colleagues were not as satisfactory as he could have been.
	The words contained in his resignation implied that he was not doing as much as would have been expected with some of his former colleagues.
	The words in his notice of resignation implied that he and some former colleagues had fallen short of expectations.
	The word in his letter of resignation implies that he and some former colleagues are not as pleased as he should have been.
	The words of his resignation imply that he did not meet expectations with some of his former colleagues.
	His resignation implied that he and a number of his former colleagues were not as happy as he thought they would be.
	The words in his letter of resignation implied that he did not respond well to a number of his former colleagues.
	The word in his notice of resignation implies that he did not meet the expectations of some of his former colleagues.
	His letter of resignation meant that he had had an unpleasant experience with several of his former colleagues.
	His letter of resignation meant he had no pleasure with several of his former colleagues.
	His letter of resignation implies displease with him and his several former colleagues.
	His resignation represents a discomfort for him, as did his several former colleagues.
	His resignation represented a displeasure for him and for several of his former colleagues.
	His letter of resignation represents an unhappiness for him and for several of his former colleagues.
	His letter of resignation means that he and some of his former colleagues had a discomfort.
	His resignation meant that he had been unhappy with several of his former colleagues.
	His resignation represents an unpleasant experience for him and for several of his former colleagues.
	His letter of resignation implies a distaste to him and to several of his former colleagues.
	His words in his last suicide note are implicit in his displeasure to his former colleagues.
	His words in his suicide note imply his displeasure of his previous colleagues.
	His obsessive words were implied in his obscenity towards those of his predecessor's colleagues.
	His words in his suicide note are implicit in his dissatisfaction with his former colleagues.
	His words contained in that note are an implicit expression of his discontent with previous colleagues.
	His words in his farewell note imply his disaffection with his predecessor's colleagues.
	His remarks contained an implicit message of dissatisfaction about his previous colleagues.
	His remarks contained an implication of his grievances vis--vis his previous colleagues.
	The words in his obtrusive statement imply that he was disgruntled by previous colleagues.
	His words in his suicide note implied his discomfort vis--vis a number of his former colleagues.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Thomas never disclosed the negative role he had in taking over the company
Top 100 Translations
	Thomas never gave away his negative effect on this company when he took over.
	Thomas never revealed the adverse role that he had played in taking over this company.
	Thomas never revealed the adverse effects that he had in taking over this company.
	Thomas never revealed any of the negative influence he had on the company when he took over.
	Thomas never told me about the negative effects of the company that he had had on it when he took over.
	Thomas never told you about his negative effect on this company when he took over the company.
	Thomas never told us what he's been doing when he took over this company.
	Thomas never told me about the negative effects he was playing on this company when he took over.
	Thomas never revealed the adverse effects he had had when he took over this company.
	Thomas had never revealed the negative effect that he had had on the company when he took over.
	Thomas... never revealed what he had to do when he took over the company.
	Thomas never revealed what he was doing, what he was playing when he took over the company.
	Thomas never revealed what he played as a negative role when it came to taking over the company.
	Thomas never disclosed his adverse role in taking over the company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative part he played when he took over the company.
	Thomas... never disclosed the negative part that he had played at the time he took over the company.
	Thomas never revealed his adverse role when he was in charge of the company.
	Thomas, never disclosed the negative roles he played when he took over the company.
	Thomas has never told me of the negative role that he played when he took over the company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative part that he played when he was taking over the company.
	Thomas has never revealed the negative role played by him in taking over the firm, and Thomas has never revealed it.
	Thomas had never been revealed as an passive part of a company's takeover, Thomas had never been disclosed.
	Thomas had never revealed the negative role he had played in the company's takeover, and Thomas had never revealed it.
	Thomas never gave away, as a passive part of taking over the company, that Thomas ever gave away.
	Thomas has never revealed, as well as the negative roles he played in taking over the company, what Thomas had never revealed.
	Thomas never revealed his negative role in the takeover. Thomas never revealed his negative role in the management of the company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative role that he played to take over the company.
	Thomas never revealed, and Thomas never told us about his role in taking over the company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative role he played in taking over a company and Thomas never revealed it.
	Thomas never disclosed that he's been a negative member of the takeover company, and that Thomas never had a negative role to play in takeover of a company.
	Thomas has never disclosed that when he was in the firm, he was the negative part of the company's role.
	Thomas never disclosed that he had the negative role he played in the company.
	Thomas never revealed what his negative role in the firm would be like when he assumed that role.
	Thomas never disclosed the negative role he played when he took on the company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative role that he played in the company.
	Thomas has never disclosed his negative role when he was involved with the company.
	Thomas never reveals the negative role he's taken in the company.
	Well, Thomas never showed that he had a negative part to play in the company.
	Thomas never told you he's playing the negative role of the company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative part he played when he was going to play the company.
	Thomas never disclosed his negative role in taking over the company.
	Tomas never told you of his negative role during the takeover of the company.
	Thomas has never told us about the negative effects he played in taking over the company.
	Thomas never told us the negative part of the company he played while he took over the company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative effect he had in taking over the company.
	Thomas never revealed what he was doing to make it work in the course of taking over the company.
	Thomas never revealed his side of the board that he had played in the process of taking over the company.
	Thomas never reveals the negative effects he's had on the company when taking over the company.
	Thomas never revealed his negative role in the process of taking over the company.
	Thomas never told me the negative impact he was playing when taking over the company.
	Thomas never told me what it was like to take over the company.
	Thomas had never disclosed the negative effects of the fact that he had taken over this company.
	Thomas would never have revealed the adverse effect of having him take over this company.
	Thomas never disclosed the negative effects of his taking over this company.
	Thomas never revealed his negative effects on taking over this company.
	Thomas never told you the negative effect that he was taking over this company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative impact that he had on taking over this company.
	The negative effect of his takeover of the firm was never revealed by Thomas.
	Thomas never revealed his negative effect on what he would do in taking over this company.
	Thomas never revealed his negative impact on taking over this company.
	Thomas never showed the negative part he's played in taking over the company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative role he played in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never been able to reveal the negative role that he plays in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never made it clear to me that he had a negative role in taking over the company.
	Thomas never revealed the negative role that he's playing with regard to taking over the company.
	Thomas had never been able to reveal the adverse role he was playing in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never exposed that he's playing an adverse role of being in charge of the company.
	Thomas has never revealed what he played in a negative manner in his attempt to take over the company.
	Thomas has never exposed the negative role of his takeover of the company.
	Thomas never revealed his negative role in taking over the company.
	And Thomas never revealed the adverse role he'd played in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never disclosed the negative roles he has played in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never disclosed the negative role he played in taking over the company.
	Thomas didn't tell me the adverse role he played in the takeover of the company.
	Thomas never told us about his negative role in taking over the company.
	And Thomas never told us about his negative role in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never told you the negative part he'd played in taking over from his company.
	Thomas had never told me of his negative role in the company's takeover.
	Thomas had never disclosed the negative role that he had played in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never told us that he has a negative role to play in the company's takeover.
	Thomas never disclosed any of the negative effects he's had on taking over this company.
	Thomas never told us about the negative role he played when he took over the company.
	Thomas never disclosed the negative effect that he's played in taking over the company.
	Thomas never disclosed any negative role that he's played in taking over this company.
	Thomas has never revealed any negative effect that he played on taking over this company.
	Thomas never revealed what he's been doing to take over from his company in a negative way.
	Thomas never revealed his negative role in the taking over of this company.
	Thomas never revealed any negative role he had played in taking over this company.
	Thomas never reveals the negatives of his role in taking over this company.
	Thomas has never been able to reveal any negative role he has played in taking over this company.
	Thomas never revealed any of his negative role in the company that he had to go to, you know, take over.
	Thomas never revealed that he was one of the passive players in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never reveal the negative roles he played in taking over the company.
	Tomas never revealed his negative role in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never revealed himself to be a passive actor in taking over the company.
	Thomas never revealed any negative role for himself in the taking over of the company.
	Thomas never told you about the negative role that he played in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never been able to reveal what he played as a negative one in taking over the company.
	Thomas never gave a fuck about his negative role in taking over the company.
	Thomas has never given any account of the negative role that he played in taking over the company.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Dr Hartson is an animal expert, but I don't believe the scope of his expertise is as wide as you think.
Top 100 Translations
	Dr. Hartson is an animal expert, and I'm not sure his area of expertise is as wide as you think it is.
	Dr Hartson is an animalist, but I don't believe the range of expertise he has is not as far as you think it is.
	Dr. Hartson's an animal specialist, but I'm not convinced that his area of expertise is as wide as you think it is.
	Dr. Hartson is a specialist in animals, but I can't believe that his field of expertise is not as broad as you think it is.
	Dr Hartson is an animal expert, but I'm not convinced that his range of expertise is as big as you think it is.
	Dr. Hartson is an animalist, but I don't believe his range of expertise is not as wide as you think it is.
	Dr. Hartson is an animalist, but I don't believe his area of expertise is that wide as you think it is.
	And Dr. Hartson was an animal expert, but I can't believe that his scope of expertise was not as wide as you think it was.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal specialist, but I don't believe that his area of expertise is as wide as you think it is.
	Dr. Hartson's an animal specialist, but I'm not convinced his field of expertise is not the wide as you think it is.
	But I believe his expertise is not as widespread as you thought it would be.
	Dr. Hudson's a animal expert but I'm not sure that his expertise... is that wide as you think it's going to be.
	Dr. Hudson is a specialist animal expert, but I'm sure his expertise wasn't as widespread as you thought it would be.
	Dr. Hudson is an animal expert, but I don't believe his expertise is as wide a subject as you think it is.
	Dr. Hudson is an animal expert, and I believe that his expertise isn't as broad as it should be, as you can imagine.
	Dr Hudson's a animal expert, but I believe he's not as extensive as you think he is.
	Dr. Hudson's an animal expert, but I trust he's a little more proficient than you think.
	Dr. Harrison is an animal expert but I'm sure his expertise isn't as wide as you thought it would be.
	Dr Hudson's a animal expert, but I believe that his expertise is not so broad as you thought it would be.
	But I'm sure he's not as big a expert as you'd ever expected with his expertise, Dr. Hartson.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal expert, but I'm not sure that he would have as wide an area of expertise as you'd expect him to be.
	Dr Hartson is an animal expert, but I don't believe he'll have as broad a range of expertise as you think it will be.
	Dr Hartson is an animal specialist, but I don't believe he's got the range of expertise you think he's going to have.
	Mr. Hartson is an animal expert, but I don't believe his expertise will be as wide as you think it's going to be.
	Dr. Hartson was an animal expert, but I don't believe he would have had as much of a range of expertise as you thought it would be.
	Dr. Hartson was an animal expert, but I'm not convinced that he'd know the scope of expertise as wide as you think it will be.
	Dr. Hartson was an animal expert, but I was not convinced that he'd have this wide range of expertise as you think it would be.
	Dr. Hartson was an expert on animals, but I wasn't sure the range of expertise he had would be as wide as you thought it would be.
	Dr. Hartson was an animal scientist, but I can't believe his expertise would be as vast as you thought it would be.
	Dr. Hartson was an animal specialist, but I'm not sure he would have as wide a scope of expertise as you'd ever imagined.
	Dr. Hudson's an animal expert, but I do not trust his range of expertise, and it's not as broad as you think it is.
	Dr Hudson is an animal specialist, but I can't believe he's out there with a little more expertise than you think.
	And Dr. Hartson is an animal expert, but I can't believe his range of expertise is not as vast as you think it's supposed to be.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal specialist, and I can't believe he's not quite as broad as you think he's supposed to be.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal expert, but I don't believe that his expertise is just not the kind of man you think it is.
	Dr. Hudson's an animal expert, but I don't believe his area of expertise isn't as wide as you thought it would be.
	Dr Hudson is an animal specialist, but I can't believe that he's not as broad in range as you think he is.
	Dr Hartson's an animal expert, and I can't believe he's got less expertise than you think.
	Dr Hudson is an animal specialist, but I don't trust that he does not have as much range of expertise as you think he does.
	Dr. Hartson is a zoologist, but I don't believe that his range of expertise is not as wide as you think it is.
	Dr Hudson's an animal specialist, but I can't believe he has as wide a range of expertise as you think.
	Dr. Hudson was a animal expert, but I don't believe his range will be as wide as you think it will be.
	Dr. Hudson's an animal scientist, but I can't believe his range of specialization will be as wide as you think it will be.
	Dr. Hartson is the expert animal, but I don't believe his range would be as wide as you think.
	Dr. Harrison is a animal expert, but I don't believe that his range of expertise would be as wide as you think.
	- Dr. Hudson was an animal expert. - But I'm not convinced that he would be as proficient as you think.
	Doctor Hudson was an animal specialist, but I don't believe he has as wide an area of expertise as you think.
	Dr. Hudson is an animal expert, but I'm not convinced his range of specializations is that much wider than you think.
	Dr. Harrison is a animal expert, and I don't believe his scope would be as extensive as you think it will be.
	Dr. Hudson is an animal specialist, but I'm not convinced that he's going to be as broad a professional as you think he is.
	Dr. Hudson's an animal expert but I don't think his expertise could have been as extensive as you thought it would be.
	Dr Hartson was an animal expert, but I didn't think his professional profile was as vast as you might have thought it would be.
	Dr. Hartson was an animal expert, but I don't think he's as broad of a specialist as you think he is.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal specialist, but I don't think he's got the kind of expertise he thinks he's capable of.
	Dr. Hudson is an animal expert, but I don't think he's got as broad a range of expertise as you think he is.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal expert, but I do not think he's as broad a subject as you thought he would be.
	Dr. Hartson's an animal expert, but I'm not sure that he's as good as you think he is.
	Dr. Hartson was an animal expert, but I do not think he'd be a man of as wide-scale expertise as you might think he would be.
	Well, Dr. Hartson is an animal expert but I don't think that he's got that much expertise as you think he is.
	Dr. Hartson was an animal specialist, and I don't think he could have the range of expertise that you thought he was going to have.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal specialist, and I can't believe he's got as wide a field as you thought he'd be.
	Dr. Hudson was an animal expert, but I don't believe his range is so wide as you think he is.
	Dr. Hartson is a specialist in animals, but I'm not convinced he's got that wide range of expertise just as you can imagine.
	Dr Hudson is a animal expert, but I don't believe he's a man of as wide a range as you can imagine.
	Dr. Harrison is an animal expert, and I don't believe his range of specialization is that wide as you think it will be.
	Dr. Hudson is a specialist in the animal industry but I don't believe he's as wide a range as you think he is.
	Dr. Hudson's an animal expert but I can't believe the range of his specialization is as big as you thought it might be.
	Dr. Harrison is an animal expert, but I don't believe his area of expertise is so wide that you could imagine it to be an animal expert.
	Dr. Hudson, an animal specialist, but i don't believe he has a vast range of know-how as you would have imagined.
	- Dr. Hartson is an animal expert. - But I don't believe he has an area of specialization that is as wide as you could possibly imagine.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal expert, but I don't think he's going to go as far as you think he is.
	Dr Hartson's an animal expert, and I don't think he'll be as full as you thought he'd be.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal expert, but I don't think he's gonna have as broad a range as you think he is.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal specialist, but I don't think he'll do as far as you think he'll make up his field of expertise.
	Dr. Harterson is an animalist, but I'm not convinced that he would have the range of expertise you think he would have.
	Dr Hartson is a specialist in animal control, but I just don't think it'll be as great as you think it will be.
	Dr. Hartson's an animal expert, but I don't think he'll have the range of expertise that you'd expect him to have.
	Dr Hartson was an animal expert but I don't think he'd have as much of a range of expertise as you'll think he would have.
	Dr. Hudson is the animal specialist, but I'm not sure his specialization's going to be as wide as you thought he was going to be.
	Dr. Hudson is a specialist, but I don't think he's got that range of expertise like you think he's going to be.
	Dr. Hartson is a specialist in animals, but I'm not sure his scope of expertise is as wide as you think it is.
	Dr. Hartson is an expert animalist but I don't believe he has a greater range of expertise than you can imagine.
	Dr. Hudson was an animal expert, but I'm not convinced of the range of expertise he's in... so wide as you'd think he would be.
	Dr. Hartson's an animal expert, but I can't believe he's in this field that's not so wide and as much as you thought he'd be.
	Dr. Hudson is an animalologist, but I don't believe his expertise's as wide as you've ever thought he's capable of.
	Dr. Hudson was an animal specialist, but I'm not sure his field of expertise is so far out of range as you can imagine.
	Dr. Hartson is an animal expert, but I don't believe his expertise is as wide-ranging as you can imagine.
	Dr. Hudson's an animalist, but I don't believe in the scope of his expertise to the extent you've thought it would be possible to see that he has that wide-ranging level of expertise.
	Well, Dr. Hartson is an animal expert, but I'm not convinced his range of expertise is as wide as you guys thought it would be.
	Dr. Hudson is an animal expert but I don't believe that he has a range of expertise that's not what you think he has, and that's not as wide a picture as you can imagine.
	Dr. Harrison is a zoologist, but I don't think he's as wide a field of expertise as you think he is.
	Dr. Hartson was a zoology expert, but I don't think that he's as far as you think he is.
	Well, Dr. Hudson is an expert in physiology, but I believe his expertise is not much as far as you think it is.
	Well, Dr. Hartson is a zoonologist but I'm sure he doesn't have as many professional knowledge as you think.
	Dr. Hartson, who is a animalist, I believe his expertise is not as big as you think you're gonna be.
	Dr. Hartson is a zoologist, but I don't believe he has as wide a range of expertise as you think.
	Dr. Hartson's an expert in zoology, but I trust he doesn't have as wide a range of expertise as you think.
	Dr. Hartson is an animalist, but I don't believe that the range of expertise he's got is as vast as it seems to you.
	Dr. Hartson's a zoologist, but I'm sure he's not as broad a professional as you think.
	Dr. Hartson is a zoonologist, but I'm not sure the range of expertise that he has is quite as broad as you think it is.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We understand it's late and we don't mean to impose, but we have some important questions for you.
Top 100 Translations
	We know it is too late, but we don't have to force us, but there are some very important questions we have to ask you.
	We know that it's too late... not to force us, but there are some very important issues that we'd like to ask you.
	It's not to force us to be late, we know it, but we have some very important questions to ask you.
	We know it's so late, but we don't want to force it to be, but we have some very important questions to ask you.
	Now we know that it is too late to impose on us, but we have some really important questions we need to ask you.
	We know this is getting too late, not to force, but there's a very important question we'd like to ask you.
	We know it's late, not to force us, but there's something very important that we'd like to ask you.
	Now we know that it's too late, and not to force, but we have some very important questions that I'm going to ask you.
	We know it's too late to force us, but we have something very important to ask you.
	We know that it's too late to make us do this, but we got a very important number of questions that we've got to ask you.
	We knew it's late, didn't want to impose on you, but there are a few important issues that we'd like to ask you.
	We know it's late, and we didn't want to impose, but we've got a couple of important questions that we've got to ask you.
	I know it's getting late, and I don't want to impose, but there are some important questions I've got to ask you.
	We know it's late, and we don't wanna impose, but I have a few important questions that I need to ask you.
	We know it is too late, we're not going to impose it, but there are a couple of important questions we've got to ask you.
	We know it's so late, not to impose, but we have a few important questions we need to ask you.
	We know that it's late and we don't want to impose it, but we've a couple of important questions to ask you.
	We know it's late, and we don't wanna impose it, but there are a couple of important questions we've got to ask you.
	It's a long day and I don't want to impose this on you... but there's a few important questions I'd like to ask you.
	We know it's getting late and not trying to impose, but we've got a few important questions that I want to ask you.
	We realize that it is too late. We don't want to impose them, but there's some very important questions I'd like to ask you.
	We understand it's getting late, and we don't intend to impose but there's some very important questions we have to ask you.
	We know we're late, and we do not want to impose but there's something important we need to ask you.
	We know it's too late for this, and we're not willing to impose it, but there's some important questions that we have to ask you.
	We know it's late and we don't want to impose, but there's some very important questions I've got to ask you.
	We understand that it's getting late and that we do not want to impose, but we have some very important questions to ask you.
	We know it's late, and we're not going to impose it, but we have something very important to ask you.
	Well, we realize it's late, we don't want to do this, but there are some really important questions we've got to ask you.
	We understand this is late, and we don't want to impose it, but there are some important questions that we need to ask you.
	Well, we realize it's getting late, and we don't want to impose, but there are a few very important questions I'd like to ask you.
	We understand it's getting late, and we don't want to impose this on people, but there's a couple of big questions we've got to ask you.
	We understand it is very late, and we do not want to impose, but there are a few important questions that we would like to ask you.
	While we know it's late and we don't wanna impose on people, we have some important questions that I would like to ask you.
	We understand it is late, and we don't want to impose them, but there are important questions that we have to ask you.
	We understand that it is too late for us, and we do not want it to be imposed, but there are some important questions that we'd like to ask you.
	We realize that it is getting late and that we do not want to impose it on people, but there are a couple of important questions that we would like to ask you.
	We understand the lateness, and we do not want to impose it on others, but there are a few important questions that we would like to ask you.
	We know it was late, and we did not want to impose them, but there are some important questions that we have to ask you.
	We know it's late, and we don't want to impose on people, but we got a number of important questions that we need to ask you.
	We understand late and we don't want to impose it, but we have some important questions to ask you.
	We know it's late and we wouldn't like to make us do it but there are some very important questions we have to ask you.
	We don't want us to be forced, but we've got some important questions to ask you.
	We knew it was too late, and we didn't want to force, but there's some very important questions that we'd like to ask you.
	Well, we know it's late, but we're not trying to force us, and there's something that's important that we're going to ask you.
	We know we're late, and we didn't want to force it on us, but we have some very important questions to ask you.
	We know it's late, but we didn't mean to make us, but there are some very important questions we'd like to ask you.
	We know it's late... and we don't mean to force us... but there's something really important I have to ask you.
	We know it's late but we're not gonna force you to do it, but there are some very important questions that we need to ask you.
	We do know that it's getting too late, but we don't want to force it on us, but there are some very important questions we have to ask you.
	We know it's late, and we don't want to force us, but there's some really important questions we'd like to ask you.
	We understand that we are late, and we didn't want it, but we have a number of important questions that we need to ask you.
	We understand that today's late and we're not trying to impose it, but we have a number of important questions that we need to ask you.
	We understand it's very late, and we're not going to impose it, but we've got some important questions for you.
	We know that this is a late hour, and we don't wanna impose this, but we've got a really important question to ask you.
	We know it's late, and we don't wanna be forced but we have some important questions to ask you.
	We understand that it's very late, that we don't want to impose it, but we have a number of important questions to ask you.
	We understand it's late and we didn't intend to impose it but we have a very important question for you, and here's what we've got to ask you.
	We understand it's a little late, and we don't want to impose, but we have some important questions to ask you.
	We understand that it's late, and we don't want to impose it, but we have some important questions to ask you.
	We've understood that it's very late, and we weren't trying to impose, but we have some important questions to ask you.
	We know it's too late and we don't intend to impose it, but we've got some important questions to ask you.
	We understand it's late, and we do not intend to impose it, but we have a number of important questions to ask you.
	We understand it's late and we didn't have to force it, but we have some important questions to ask you.
	We understand it's late and we're not gonna do it, but we have some important questions to ask you.
	We understood it's too late and we did not intend to impose it, but we have some important questions to ask you.
	We understood it was late and we had no intention of imposing it, but we had some important questions to ask you.
	We understand it's late and we don't mean to impose, but we have a few important questions to ask you.
	We understand that it's late and we didn't intend to impose it, but we have some important questions to ask you.
	We understand this is late and we don't intend to impose, but we've got some important questions to ask you.
	We understand this is late, and we don't intend to impose, but we've got some important questions to ask you.
	We know it was late, but we don't want us to force it, but we have a very important question for you.
	We know it's getting late and we're not gonna force us, but we got a very important question for you.
	We do know we're late, and we don't want to force it, but we have a very important question that we're going to ask you.
	We know it's late, we don't want to force, but there's a big question I'd like to ask you.
	We know that it's late, we don't mean to force you but we have a very important question to ask you.
	We know it's late, and we wouldn't try to force us to, but there's one big question we've got to ask you.
	We know it's late. We're not gonna force you, but we have a very important question for you.
	Well, we know we're late. We don't want to be forced on us, but we've got a very important question for you.
	We know it's very late. We don't want to be forced. But there's one very important question that we've got to ask you.
	We know it's too late, we didn't want to force it on us, but I have a really important question that we need to ask you.
	We do understand that it's getting too late, but we don't want to force the situation on anybody but there are some very important questions that we have to ask you.
	We understand it's late, and we're not willing to impose anything on anybody, but there's some important questions we've got to ask you.
	We understand it is late, and we don't want to impose things on people... but we've some important questions we'd like to ask you.
	We don't want to force things into the ground, but we got some important questions we need to ask you.
	We understand it's too late, and we're not going to force things on anyone, but there are important questions we've got to ask you.
	We understand that it's too late for us to impose things, but we have some really important questions to ask you.
	It's a long time we understand, and we hate to force things on people, but I've got some really important questions we need to ask you.
	We understand it's late, we don't wanna force things, but we have a couple of very important questions that we've just got to ask you.
	We don't want to impose anything on people at a very late hour, but there's important questions we need to ask you.
	We do understand this is getting late, and we do not want to impose things on people, but there are some important questions I'd like to ask you.
	We know it's too late and we don't want to impose it, but we have a few major questions that I'd like to ask you.
	It's late, we don't wanna impose. But there's a couple of important questions I need to ask you.
	We do understand that it's late, we won't impose it, but we have a few important questions that I'm going to ask you.
	We understand that it's late and we won't have to impose, but we're going to ask you a couple of important questions.
	We knew it was late, we didn't want to impose it. But there were a few important questions I wanted to ask you.
	We understand it's late, we wouldn't want to impose it on you, but there's just some important questions we're gonna have to ask you.
	We know it's late and we don't wanna impose, but there's a lot of important questions we need to ask you.
	We do understand that it's very late and we don't want it to be imposed, but there are several important questions that we'd like to ask you.
	We understand it's getting late and we won't impose it, but I have a couple of important questions to ask you.
	It's getting dark and we don't want to impose it, but there's a few questions we need to ask you.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: On arriving at the theatre, the Queen was presented with a large bouquet of tulips by a young girl.
Top 100 Translations
	When arriving at the Theatre, a young girl handed a large batch of tulips to the Queen.
	On arrival at the theater, the Queen had been delivered with a large batch of tulips by a young girl.
	Upon arrival at the theater, a young woman delivered a large number of tulips to the Queen.
	On arrival at the theatre, the Queen had received a large shipment of tulips from a young girl.
	Upon arrival at the theatre, a young girl delivered a swarm of tulips to the Queen.
	When she arrived in the theater, a young girl delivered a huge collection of tulips to the Queen.
	On arrival in the theater, a young girl delivered a bouquet of tulips to the Queen.
	Upon arriving at the theatre, a young girl delivered to the Queen a large stock of tulips.
	On arrival at the theater, a young girl delivered a great quantity of tulips to the Queen.
	Upon arrival at the theater a young girl delivers a large batch of tulips to the Queen.
	Upon arrival at the theater, a young girl gave a bundle of Tulips to the Queen.
	On the occasion of her arrival at the theatre, a young girl gave the Queen a bunch of tulips.
	When reaching the theater a young girl had given the Queen a large bundle of tulips.
	On arriving at the theatre, a young girl gave the Queen a large set of tulips.
	When she arrived at the theatre, a young girl donated a bunch of tulips of tulips to the Queen.
	Upon arrival at the theater a young girl gave the queen a large set of tulips.
	On arriving at the theatre, a very young girl presented her queen with a pack of tulips.
	Upon her arrival in the theater a young girl presented a great bouquet of Tulip to the Queen.
	Upon arrival at the theatre, a young girl donated a british of tulips to the Queen.
	Upon arrival at the theater, a young girl presented a large tulip of tulip to the Queen.
	On arrival at the theater, a young girl presented the Queen with a big flavour of tulips.
	On arrival, a young girl showed a big tulip of tulip to the Queen.
	Upon arrival at the theatre, a young girl showcased a bouquet of tulips to the Queen.
	When arriving at the theatre, a young girl showed a large tulip to the Queen.
	Upon her arrival at the theatre, a young girl showed a brittle of tulips to the Queen.
	On arrival in the theatre, a young girl showed the queen a large bouquet of tulips.
	Upon arriving at the theater, a young girl displayed a large pilgrim of tulip to the Queen.
	When she arrived at the theatre, a young girl presented the queen with a strangulation of tulips.
	Upon arrival at the theater, a young girl showed a huge tulip to the Queen.
	Upon arrival at the theatre, a young girl presented a brimming of tulips to the Queen.
	When she arrived at the theatre, a young girl sent her Queen a big garland of tulips.
	Upon arrival at the theatre a young girl sent a pack of tulips to the Queen.
	When she arrived at the theatre a young woman had delivered a bundle of tulips to the Queen.
	When she arrived at the theatre, a young girl delivered a bouquet of tulips to the Queen.
	When she arrived at the theatre, a young woman sent a bouquet of tulips to the Queen.
	On arrival in the theatre a young girl sent the Queen large beam of tulips.
	When she arrived at the theatre, a young woman delivered a bunch of tulips to the Queen.
	At the time of her arrival in the theater, a young woman had given her Queen a strewn of tulips.
	Upon arrival, a young girl sent Queen an straft of tulips to beams of tulips.
	When we arrived at the theatre, a young girl delivered the Queen with a large brimming of tulips.
	After her arrival at the theatre, a girl showed the queen a whole swathe of tulips.
	Upon arrival, a girl displayed a large bouquet of tulips to the Queen.
	Upon arrival at the theatre, a girl showed a great swath of tulip to the Queen.
	After arriving in the theatre, a girl had shown the Queen a swathe of tulips.
	Upon her arrival at the theatre, a girl presented the Queen a large set of tulips.
	Upon her arrival at the theater, a girl showed a huge pile of tulips to the Queen.
	After arriving, a young woman presented the queen with a large set of tulips.
	Upon her arrival at the theatre, a girl gave the Queen a large collection of tulips.
	Upon arrival at the theatre, a girl demonstrated a large swathe of tulips to the Queen.
	Once in the theatre, a girl showed Queens a swathe of tulips.
	When she arrived at the theatre, a young girl was giving a great bouquet of tulips.
	Upon arriving at a theatre, the Queen sent a large strip of tulips from a young girl.
	Upon her arrival in the theater, the Queen was given a big tulip of tulip by a young girl.
	When the Queen arrived in the theater, a young girl given a large bundle of tulips.
	On arriving at the theatre, the Queen was given a british tulip of tulips by a young girl.
	On her arrival at the theatre, the Queen had given a giant truffle of tulips from a young girl.
	Upon her arrival at a theatre, the Queen had been presented with a large swath of tulips from a young girl.
	Upon arrival at the theatre, a young girl gave the Queen a large pack of tulips.
	On arrival in the theater, the Queen was given a large strap of tulips by a young girl.
	When the Queen arrived at the theatre, a young girl gave up a large bouquet of tulips.
	Upon arrival at the Theatre, a young girl showed the Queen a bouquet of tulip in the form of tulips.
	When she arrived at theatrical theater, a young girl displayed a swathe of Tulip to the Queen.
	A young girl presented a great piece of Tulip to the Queen when she arrived at the theatre.
	On arrival at the theatre, a young woman presented a large tulip of tulip to the Queen.
	When arriving at the theater, a young girl had shown a swathe of tulips of tulip to the Queen.
	A young girl showed the Queen a large strip of tulips when she arrived at the theatre.
	A young girl showed the Queen a bunch of tulips to the theatre at the time of her arrival.
	A young girl showed the queen a large piece of tulip when she arrived at the theatre.
	A young girl showed the Queen a large tulip of tulips upon her arrival at the theatre.
	When she arrived, a young girl presented a great pile of tulips to the Queen.
	Upon arrival at the theatre, a young woman sent a huge tulip to the Queen.
	On arrival at the theatre a young lady delivered a large collection of tulips to the Queen.
	Upon arriving at the theater, a teenage girl sent a swathe of tulips to the Queen.
	Upon arriving at the drama theater, a young woman sent a large pile of tulips to the Queen.
	When it arrived, a young woman sent a large stock of tulips to the Queen.
	On arrival at the theater, a girl sent a swathe of tulips to the Queen.
	On her arrival at the theater, a young woman sent a large piece of tulips to the Queen.
	A young girl brought a large collection of Tulip to the Queen's Palace upon her arrival at the theatre.
	On arrival in the theatre, a young woman delivered to the Empress a swathe of tulips.
	On her arrival at the Theatre, a girl sent a great collection of tulips to the Queen.
	When she arrived at the theatre, a young girl showed her a bundle of tulips.
	When the Queen arrived in the theatre, a young girl showed the Queen a big swathe of tulips.
	When the Queen arrived at the theatre, a young woman showed the queen a great bundle of tulips.
	When the Queen came to the theater, a young girl showed the Queen a large bundle of tulips.
	When the Queen was at the theater, she was shown a swath of tulips by a teenage girl to the Queen.
	On arrival at the theatre, the queen was shown a boulder of tulips by a young girl to the Queen.
	On her arrival, a maiden showed the Queen a swaggly set of tulips.
	When the Queen reached the theater, an adolescent girl showed her the Queen the britches of tulips.
	Upon her arrival at the theater, the queen was presented with a large band of tulips by a teenage girl.
	On the arrival of the queen, a young girl showed her the Queen a strewn of tulips.
	On arrival at the theater, a young girl showed the queen a swath of tulips from a swarm of tulips.
	When they arrived at the theatre, a young girl showed the Queen a plethora of tulips of a troupe.
	On arriving at the theatre, a young girl showed her Queen the tulips of a great collection of tulips.
	Upon arrival at the theatre, a young girl showed the Queen her tulips of a great conglomerate.
	On arriving at the theater, a young girl showed the queen a bouquet of tulips from a great swarm of tulips.
	Upon arriving at the theatre, a young girl showed the queen a pack of tulips, a band of tulips.
	Upon arrival, a young girl showed the Queen a great conglomerate of tulips.
	At the time of arrival at the theatre a young woman showed the Queen a collection of the Tulips from the great troupe.
	Upon arrival at the theatre a young girl showed the Queen a great group of tulips.
	Upon arrival in the theater, a young woman showed the Queen a bunch of tulips from the conglomerate.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The suspect's complaints about his treatment by police were noted and he was taken into custody.
Top 100 Translations
	The Committee noted the complaints of the suspects that they had been ill-treated by the police, and that they had been detained.
	The Committee notes the allegations of ill-treatment by members of the police, which led to his being held in custody.
	The Committee notes the complaint of ill-treatment of the suspects by the police, who is being held in custody.
	It notes the complaints of ill-treatment by police officers against suspects and that they are being held in custody.
	The Committee takes note of the complaints of the suspect concerning ill-treatment by police officers and that he is being held in custody.
	The Committee takes note of a complaint by a suspect of ill-treatment by police officers, who was taken into custody.
	The Committee notes the allegations made by the suspect that he was subjected to ill-treatment by the police and that he was taken into custody.
	The Committee takes note of the complaint of the suspect regarding ill-treatment by the police, who was taken into custody.
	The Committee has taken note of the complaint of the suspect concerning his ill-treatment by the police, and that he is being held in custody.
	It noted the complaint of the suspect that he had been ill-treated by the police and had been taken into custody.
	He was taken into custody, taking note of the complaint from the suspect concerning his treatment by the police.
	He took note of the complaints made by the suspect about his treatment by the police and detained him.
	(d) To take note of the suspect's complaints about their treatment by the police and to detain him.
	Taking note of a complaint by a suspect about his treatment by the police, he was detained.
	Noting the complaint made by a suspect concerning his treatment by the police, he was detained.
	He was kept in custody while taking note of a complaint by a suspect about his treatment by the police.
	He was detained, taking note of the complaints by suspects concerning their treatment by the police.
	He is being detained after he has been made aware of the complaints he had made regarding his treatment by the police.
	He was taken into custody by taking note of complaints made by suspects regarding their treatment by the police.
	Noting that the suspect complained that he was being treated by police, he was detained.
	The complaint by the suspects that he had been treated by the police was taken into account, and he was detained.
	The suspect's complaints regarding the treatment of him by the police were noted, and he was detained.
	A complaint about the treatment to which the suspect is subjected by the police has been noted, and he has been detained.
	Complaints were noted about the treatment of the suspect by the police and he was detained.
	Complaints were noted regarding the treatment to which the suspect was subjected by police officers, and he was detained.
	Complaints from suspects regarding the treatment he had received by police officers had been taken into account, and he had been detained.
	The complaints by the suspect about his treatment by the police had been noted, and he had been detained.
	The complaint by the suspect of his being treated by the police was noted and he was detained.
	The complaint made by a suspect regarding the treatment he was subjected to by police officers has also been brought to its attention and he has been detained.
	Complaints from suspects regarding their treatment by the police had been noted, and he had been detained.
	The suspect has complained about the manner in which he was treated by police officers and has been taken into custody.
	The suspect's complaints against the manner in which he was treated by the police had been brought to the notice and placed in detention.
	Suspects have complained about the manner in which they are treated by the police, which is noted, and have been detained.
	The way in which the suspect complained to the police about him had been noticed and had been detained.
	A complaint about the way in which the police dealt with him by the suspect had been brought to the fore and had been taken into custody.
	The way in which a suspect complained of the police treatment of him had been noted, and was being held in detention.
	The way in which the suspects complained of police treatment of him had been brought to the notice and taken into custody.
	The way the suspects complained about him being treated by the police has been brought to the notice and they have been detained.
	The suspect complained about the treatment of him by the police, and has been brought to the attention of the police and taken into custody.
	The suspect complained about his treatment by the police, the manner of which was taken note of and was placed in detention.
	The complaints filed by suspects regarding his treatment by the police have been brought to the attention of the suspect and he has been detained.
	A complaint about his treatment by the police has been lodged, which has been noted, and that he is already being detained.
	A complaint has been lodged by the suspect against the police on his treatment, which was noted, and he has already been detained.
	The suspect filed a complaint concerning his treatment by the police and has noted the complaint, and he has been detained.
	The complaint made by the suspects regarding his treatment by the police, which was noted, was also taken into account and was taken into custody.
	A complaint about the treatment of him by the police, noted by the suspects, has been brought to light and he has been detained.
	A complaint regarding his treatment by police officers had been filed by the suspect, which was noted and had already led to his detention.
	A complaint was lodged by a suspect about his treatment by the police, which has been noted and he has been detained.
	The suspect filed a complaint about the treatment of the police, which was brought to the attention of the Committee, and he was taken into custody.
	The suspect had complained about his treatment by the police, and the complaint was noted and he was taken into custody.
	His complaints about his ill-treatment by the police have been brought to the attention of the suspect and he has been detained.
	The alleged ill-treatment of him by the police has been noted by the suspect and he has been detained.
	The suspect's complaints about the ill-treatment of him by the police have come to light and he has been detained.
	The suspect's allegations about ill-treatment by the police have been brought to light, and he has been detained.
	The suspect's complaint regarding his ill-treatment by the police has been noted, and he has been detained.
	His complaint about his ill-treatment by the police has come to the attention of the suspects, who have been detained.
	The suspect's complaint that he had been ill-treated by the police had been noted and he had been detained.
	The complaint by a suspect that he has been ill-treated by police was noted, and he has been detained.
	The complaint of the suspect about ill-treatment by the police has been brought to the attention of the complainant, who has already been detained.
	A complaint about ill-treatment by police has been brought to the attention of the suspect, who is already in detention.
	The complaint that he was treated by the police was made by the suspects, and it was noted that he had been detained.
	The complaint made by the suspect against his treatment by the police has come to the attention of the accused and he has been detained.
	A complaint by the suspect concerning the police treatment of him had been made and it was noted that he had been detained.
	He had lodged complaints about the treatment of the police officers, which he had noted, and he had been detained.
	It was noted that the suspects had lodged a complaint about the treatment of him by the police, and that he had been detained.
	It was noted by the suspect that he had complained about his treatment by the police and that he had been detained.
	It has been observed that the suspect has filed a complaint regarding his treatment by the police and that he has been detained.
	The alleged perpetrators have complained of the police treatment of him and he has been taken into detention, as has been noted.
	It was noticed that the suspects have lodged complaints about their treatment by the police, and that he has already been detained.
	The suspect complained about the treatment of him by the police, it was noted that he had been detained.
	The complaint of the suspect that he was treated by the police was taken into account and he was detained.
	It noted that the suspect had complained of police treatment of him and that he had been detained.
	The complaints by the suspect about the police treatment of him were noted, and he was detained.
	The complaint about police treatment of him by a suspect was brought to his attention, and he was detained.
	The complaint against him concerning the treatment of the police was noted, and he was detained.
	The suspect's complaints about the treatment of him by the police have been noted and he has been detained.
	(c) Noted the suspect's complaints that he had been treated by the police and the fact that he had been detained.
	The allegations made by the suspect concerning his treatment by the police were noted, and he was detained.
	The complaint of the suspect concerning the treatment of him by the police was noted and he was detained.
	It took note of the complaint by the suspect that he had been treated by the police and that he had been detained.
	A complaint was noted that a suspect had been subjected to ill-treatment by police officers and that he had been detained.
	A complaint was brought about that the suspects had been ill-treated by the police and that he had been detained.
	A complaint was made against him for mistreatment by the police and he was detained.
	A complaint was noted concerning the ill-treatment of him by the police and he was detained.
	He had been detained after a complaint concerning his mistreatment by the police has been brought to his attention.
	A complaint was brought to the attention of the suspect that he had been mistreated by the police and that he had been detained.
	A complaint about ill-treatment of him by the police has been noted and he has been detained.
	He was taken note of the complaints that he had been subjected to ill-treatment by police officers, and that he had been detained.
	Complaints were made against him for his ill-treatment by the police, which were noted, and he was detained.
	The complaint by the suspect about ill-treatment of him by the police was brought to his attention and he was detained.
	The suspects'complaint about ill-treatment by the police has been brought to the attention of the suspect and he has been taken into custody.
	The suspect's complaint against the police for ill-treatment of him has been noticed and has been taken into custody.
	Allegations of ill-treatment by the police by the suspect had been noted, and had been taken into custody.
	His complaint of ill-treatment by the police was noted by the suspect and he was taken into custody.
	Allegations that the police ill-treated him were noted by the suspect and they were taken into custody.
	The complaints that the suspect had had regarding his ill-treatment by the police had been noted and taken into custody.
	His complaints about his ill-treatment by the police have been noticed and taken into custody.
	His complaints regarding ill-treatment by the police had been noted by the suspect and they had been taken into custody.
	Complaints that the police had abused him were noted by the suspect and taken into custody.
	The complaint of ill-treatment of him by police officers was brought to attention and taken into custody by the suspect.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "We will surely lessen our problems if we work together on a solution."
Top 100 Translations
	If we are to work together for a solution, of course, we will alleviate the problems. (ibid., para.
	If we join efforts to find a solution, of course we will be alleviating our problem. (S/PV.4556, para.
	If we work together in seeking solutions, we will, of course, ease our problems. (S/PV.4355, para.
	If we work together in our search for a solution, we will surely alleviate our problems. (A/55/2, p. 8 (d)), para.
	We shall of course alleviate our problems if we work together to find solutions. (A/55/PV.2, p. 3)
	If we all strive together in seeking solutions, of course we will allan our problems. (A/55/PV.4, p. 3)
	If we work together in seeking solutions, of course, we will alleviate our problems. (A/55/PV.3, p. 3)
	If we work together to seek solutions, we of course will ease our problems. (S/PV.5235, p. 27, para.
	If we work together to find a solution, we shall certainly alleviate our problems. (A/53/PV.7, p. 10, para.
	We will certainly ease our problem if we work together to find solutions. (A/56/PV.3, p. 3)
	"if we all work hard together to find solutions, we will definitely reduce our problems."
	"If we are working together for a solution... we are certainly going to be able to reduce our problems."
	As long as we are working together to figure out a solution, we must be able to reduce our problems.
	"And as long as we do the work of finding a solution we will surely reduce our problems."
	"If we work together to try and find a solution, we'll definitely reduce our problems."
	"we're sure to make that a less difficult task for us than if we're together in the search for a better solution."
	As long as we work together to find a solution, we'll definitely be able to reduce our problems.
	We'll surely have fewer problems than we would if we were to seek solutions together.
	If we worked together in the search for a solution... we'd definitely be reduced to our problems.
	And as long as we work together to work out solutions, we shall definitely cut back on our problems.
	"If we try to figure something out, we will be able to help us reduce our problems."
	"If we work together to manage this, then we can reduce our problems."
	"As long as we work together to do something, we'll be able to help reduce our problems."
	"When we try to figure things out together, we'll do the trick of reducing our problems."
	We'll have a reduced problem as long as we work together to figure out what this is all about.
	We can't do anything except work together to help us do something that would diminish our problems."
	'If we work hard together and do something, we're gonna make a difference.'
	"If we work together on something, we will surely be able to reduce our problems."
	"If we worked together to do something, our problems would be reduced."
	"Let's make a difference. We'll get through this together. We're going to be able to reduce our problems."
	If we work together to seek a solution, we will certainly be able to reduce our problems.
	If we work together for solutions, of course, we will reduce our problems.
	If we work together to find a solution, we will, of course, reduce our problems.
	We will certainly be able to reduce our problems, if we work together in the search for solutions.
	If we cooperate in finding solutions, of course we will be able to reduce our problems.
	If we work together to find solutions, we certainly will be able to reduce our problems.
	If we work together for solutions, of course, we will reduce our problems.
	And if we all work to find a solution, then we will certainly reduce our problems.
	If we work together in seeking solutions, we certainly will be able to reduce our problems.
	If we join the efforts in finding solutions, we will certainly be able to reduce our problems.
	"We're certain to alleviate our problems, but if we join together to find solutions, we will surely reduce our problems."
	"We're definitely going to ease our problems if we are to come together to find a solution, we're going to reduce our problems."
	We'll definitely be able to mitigate our problems, if we join hands to find a solution to them... and we'll be able to be sure to be able to reduce our problems.
	And if we work together in a search for solutions, we're bound to diminish our problems.
	We'll certainly lighten our problems, if we are to work together to find solutions then we'll definitely lighten our problems.
	We'll definitely help alleviate our problems... if we work together to find a solution to them... then we're sure we'll help to reduce our problems.
	"We'd certainly help to alleviate our problems, if we were to come together to find answers, then we'd definitely reduce our problems."
	"We will certainly be able to alleviate our problems if we work together and find solutions... and that will surely be reduced to fewer of our problems."
	"We can certainly ease our problems if we work together to find a way to solve them. " Then we're sure to reduce our problems."
	"We could certainly ease our problems... if we were to come together and find solutions, we could certainly reduce our problems."
	If we work together on the problem, we will certainly diminish our difficulties at work to a solution for an solution... and we'll do more to reduce our difficulties.
	We will certainly reduce our problems at a work to an emplove for an solution..)
	"If we do work together, we will certainly limit our difficulties at work to a limit for an adjustment.," he said.
	"If we work together on solving the problem, we will certainly reduce our problems at work to a challenge for an achievement.. "
	"If we work together on solving the problem, we'll certainly mitigate our difficulties at the very moment we're not able to find a solution to this problem."
	"If we work together to solve it, we will clearly limit our difficulties at work to a difficulty for an enduation.."
	"We will certainly solve our difficulties at work to a limit for an attempt to resolve.."
	"If we work together together to solve problems, we'll limit our problems at a cost for an difficulty.. "
	If we work together, we will certainly limit our problems at work for an issue..
	If we work together to solve this problem, then we'll limit our problems to one task for an issue..
	"If we work together to find a solution... we'll be able to mitigate our problems."
	"And if we work together to find a way, we can certainly help mitigate our problems."
	"We must be able to allay our problems if we're all working together to find a solution."
	"If we work together to find a solution, we will definitely be able to mitigate our problems."
	If we work together to find a solution, surely we can all reduce our problems."
	"If we all work together to find solutions, we will surely be able to allay our problems."
	"If we're going to find solutions together, we have to be able to alleviate our problems."
	"If we all work together to find solutions, we're bound to be able to alleviate our problems."
	If we're all together in finding solutions, we'll certainly be able to alleviate our problems."
	"If we work together and we find solutions, we will surely be able to alleviate our problems."
	"We'll be able to alleviate the problem, so long as we join forces in trying to find a solution."
	"We will be able to lighten things up, just as we work together to find a solution."
	"We will be able to reduce our problems as soon as we work together to find a solution."
	"We can certainly ease the problem, just as soon as we work together to find a solution."
	"we shall be able to ease the problem, if we work together in search of a way to deal with it."
	We'll certainly alleviate the problem, as long as we work together in the search for a solution.
	"We will be able to alleviate the problem, as long as we work together to find a solution."
	"We will be able to ease the problem when we join hands and try to find a solution."
	"and we'll be able to alleviate the problem, and just as long as we're working together to find a solution."
	"We will have the power to ease the problem if we join efforts to find a solution."
	If we come together to deal with this problem, we will certainly alleviate our problems. (resolution 55/2, para. 8 (a) (i)), para.
	If we do this together, we will no doubt alleviate our problems. (A/AC.254/5/Add.1), para.
	We will undoubtedly mitigate our problems if we work together on it. (ibid., para.
	If we do this together, we'll undoubtedly be able to alleviate our problems. (E/CN.4/Sub.2/2000/SR.3, p. 24, para.
	We'll undoubtedly ease our problems if we work together. (A/59/1, para.
	If we work together, we will definitely be easing our problems. (A/55/PV.2, p. 3)
	If we solve this together, we undoubtedly will alleviate the problems. (ibid., para.
	If we tackle this together, we will undoubtedly lighten our problems. (A/57/PV.3, p. 3)
	"If we work together to solve this problem we will definitely be relieved of our problems" (ibid., para.
	if we work together, we will certainly alleviate our problems. (A/58/PV.4, p. 3)
	If we all work together, we're gonna find solutions, of course, so that we're gonna be able to alleviate our problems.
	"If we work together to find solutions, of course we'll ease our problems."
	"We will certainly alleviate our problems if we are working together to find a solution."
	"If we all work together to find a solution, of course, we can ease our problems."
	"If we work together in search of solutions, we of course will allay our problems."
	"If we work together and seek solutions, certainly we will alleviate our problems."
	If we work together and find a solution, we'll certainly alleviate our problems.
	"If we try to work together to seek solutions, of course, we will alleviate our problems."
	"If we work together in search of solutions, of course we will lighten our problems."
	If we try to work together, and we find a solution, then of course we'll be alleviating our problems.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We paid the lawyer to draw up a totally new will, one which left the three boys much better off.
Top 100 Translations
	We paid a lawyer to prepare an entirely new will that would bring about a major change in the expectations of those three boys.
	We have been paying counsel to draft a totally new will to change the hope left by these three boys.
	We pay a lawyer to draw up an entirely new will, making a great difference between the hopes left by these three boys.
	So we paid our lawyer to draw up a brand-new will to give these three boys much better hope of being left behind.
	We're paying for an attorney to draft an entirely new will that would make a difference in the hope the three boys left behind.
	We paid our lawyers to draft a completely new will that would change the prospects that those three boys left behind.
	We paid our lawyers to draft a new will that would greatly transform the hopes that the three boys left behind.
	We are paying our lawyers to prepare a whole new will that's a change in the expectations of the three boys.
	We've paid our lawyer to draft an entirely new will to make a significant difference between the promise left by each of the three boys.
	We have paid our lawyers to draw up an entirely new will to bring a great deal of hope in the hope of these three boys.
	We've been paying a lawyer to draft a whole new will, a will which would make it easier for the three boys to live a better life.
	We hired lawyers to prepare a new will, which makes it better for these three boys.
	We paid for the lawyer to draft a new will, and it would make for the three boys a better life.
	We paid for a lawyer to draft a brand-new will, which will make it possible for the three boys to live a better life.
	And we hired a lawyer to write a completely new will, a will for all three of the boys to be able to live a better life.
	We've hired lawyers to draft a new will that will make these three boys live a better life.
	We paid for a lawyer to draft an entirely new will, a will which would have allowed these three boys a better life.
	And we paid a lawyer to draw up a new will, which would help those three boys live a better life.
	We paid a lawyer to draw up a new will. The will will would make for a better life for the three boys.
	We pay for a lawyer to draw up an entirely new will, which will allow for better living for the three boys.
	We paid lawyers to prepare an entirely new will, and that will was better than he left three boys around.
	We paid our lawyer to make a new will, which is much better than leaving three boys next to him.
	We hire lawyers to prepare a new will... and we leave three boys with him in a will much better than he does.
	We paid lawyers to prepare a new will that left the three boys close to us much better than he did.
	We've hired a lawyer to prepare a new will which would be much better for three boys to stay by his side.
	Well, we're paying lawyers for a brand-new will to keep three boys next to him a far better one than he does.
	We're paying the lawyers to prepare a new will, which wills three boys up next to him much better than he does.
	We hired lawyers to get a brand-new will, so it's better if we leave three boys with him.
	We paid our lawyer to prepare a new will that would leave the three boys beside him much better than he did.
	We have paid lawyers to prepare an entirely new will, and the wills to leave the three boys with me were far better than those to him.
	We paid the lawyer to draft a new will that gave these three children better treatment.
	We paid the attorney's salary to draw up a whole new will, this will that gave all three children a better chance of being treated.
	We paid the lawyers to draft a new will, a will which gives the three children better treatment.
	We paid the lawyer to draw a whole new will that would provide the three children with better treatment.
	And we paid counsel to draw up a whole new will which would better have been given to the three children.
	We paid a lawyer's salary to draw up a brand new will, which wills will give the three children better treatment.
	We pay our attorneys to draw up a new will which would be a better treatment for the three children.
	We paid the lawyer to prepare the brand new will, and it gave the three kids better treatment.
	So, we're paying our lawyer a new will to draw up a new one, which gives those three kids better treatment.
	We pay lawyers to draw a new will, which gives the three children better treatment.
	We have hired a lawyer to draft a new will that's a much better one for the three boys.
	We hired lawyers to prepare a new will, a will that would leave three boys a lot better than this.
	We hired an attorney to prepare a brand new will that left these three boys much better than this.
	We hired a lawyer to draw up a new will, and it left those three boys a much better will than this.
	We have hired lawyers to draw up a new will, the will has left these three boys much better than this.
	We hired a lawyer to write a brand new will, a will that's much better for the boys than it is for the boys.
	We hired a lawyer to draw up a new will, and that will left three boys much better than this.
	We hired a lawyer to draft a whole new will for the three boys, and it was a lot better than that.
	The lawyer we hired to draw up a new will, which would leave the three boys a much better one than this.
	Well, we've hired lawyers to draw up a brand-new will, and this will leaves more than this one for the three boys.
	We have a new, new will to ask the attorney to prepare it and that will is a good idea to these three young boys.
	We pay our lawyer for a whole new will, a will that makes it so much better for the three little boys.
	And we pay the lawyers to prepare a completely new will which's making the three young boys much better.
	We'll be paying a lawyer to make a whole new will that makes the three young boys feel better.
	We paid lawyers to get a new will, and this will makes those three little boys a lot better.
	We have spent the time on a lawyer to prepare a brand-new will that's making these three little boys so much better.
	We pay our attorneys to prepare an entirely new will that's much better for these three little boys.
	We've paid attorneys to make a whole new will, a will that made these three young boys a lot better.
	So we pay lawyers to prepare a completely new will, a will that would make it easier for the three little boys.
	We asked the lawyer to prepare a whole new will that would make three young boys better than they would have ever had in their lives.
	And we paid our lawyers for a new will, which put the three boys in a better position.
	We paid a lawyer to prepare a new will, a will that would put those three boys in a much better position.
	We pay our lawyers to prepare a brand new will that puts the three boys in a much better position.
	We had paid our lawyers to prepare a new will, and a will put all three boys in a much better position.
	And we got to pay the attorney to prepare a completely new will that put the three boys in a much better position.
	We had paid our lawyer for a whole new will which placed these three boys in a much better position.
	We had to pay our attorneys to prepare an entirely new will, a will that would put the three boys in a much better position.
	We have paid the lawyers to make a brand-new will -- a will that puts these three boys in a much better position.
	We had to pay the attorney to prepare a whole new will -- one will that put those three boys in a much better position.
	We're paying a lawyer for a new will, one which puts the three boys in a much better position.
	We had to pay our lawyer for a new will... to make it a better life for the three boys.
	We pay our lawyers to prepare a new will, which will make for a better living for the three boys.
	We paid the lawyer for a new will that made it possible for the three boys to live a better life.
	We've got lawyers to get a new will that's a new one and that's making the three boys living a better life.
	We paid lawyers to prepare a new will. It's a will that makes for three boys to live a better life.
	We pay our attorney to prepare a new will which will give the three boys a better life.
	We pay our lawyers for a new will, which will allow the three of us to live a better life.
	We pay our attorneys for a new will, a will that'll make a better life for the three boys.
	We hired a lawyer to get a new will, a will that would make life a better life for three boys.
	We spent the lawyer's time working out a new will... which makes it possible for three boys to live a better life.
	We hired a lawyer to draw a new will, and a will that would be much more good for the three boys.
	We hired lawyers to draft a new will, a will so much better for the three boys.
	And we hired a lawyer to draft a new will-- a will that would be much better for the three boys.
	We hired a lawyer... to draw a whole new will... and a will which was much better for these three boys.
	We'll hire a lawyer, draw up a brand new will... a will that'll be much better for these three boys.
	We'll hire counsel to prepare a new will, and a will for these three boys, that's much better.
	We hired lawyers to draft an entirely new will... a will that'll make these three boys a lot better.
	We hire lawyers to draw a new will and one that is much better for these three boys.
	We hired lawyers to draft a new will-- a will that would make the three boys a lot better.
	We hire lawyers and draft a completely new will, and a will that would be so much better for the three boys.
	We hired a lawyer to draw up a new will, and it would be so much better for three boys to have a testimonial.
	It's much better when we're hiring attorneys to prepare a new will and leaving three boys with a will.
	Well, we hired a lawyer to work on a new will, but it would have been far better if we had left the wills for three boys.
	We hired lawyers to draw up new wills and left three boys' wills for a lot better.
	We hire a lawyer to draw up a new will... which leaves three boys with a will that is much better.
	We hire a lawyer to draw up the new will, leave the three boys a will, it's a lot better.
	And we hired a lawyer to draw up a new will... and a three boy's will would be much better.
	We hire a lawyer to prepare a new will. Three boys' will would be a lot better.
	We hired counsel to prepare a new will, leaving three boys with a will that would be much better.
	We hire lawyers to prepare a new testimonial, and it would be much better to leave three boys with a will.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The optimum time for making decisions is lunchtime.
Top 100 Translations
	The most appropriate time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time to make decisions is lunch time.
	Lunchtime was the best time for decision-making.
	The best time for decision-making was lunch time.
	The best moment to take a decision is lunch time.
	The best timing for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best moment for decision-making is lunch time.
	Lunchtime is the most appropriate time for decision-making.
	Lunch is the best time for decision-making.
	The best time to make decisions is lunch time.
	Lunchtime is the best time for decision-making.
	Lunchtime is the most opportune time for decision-making.
	The best moment to make a decision is lunch time.
	The best time for decision-making was lunch time.
	Lunchtime is the most timely time for decision-making.
	The best timing for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	The best moment for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best timing for making the decisions is lunch time.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The most appropriate time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	The optimal time for making decisions is lunch time.
	The most suitable time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time for decision-making would be lunch time.
	The optimal time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time to make decisions is lunch time.
	The best time to make decisions is lunch time.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	Lunchtime is the best opportunity for decision-making.
	Lunch time is the best time for decision-making.
	Lunchtime was the most timely time for decision-making.
	The best timing for decision-making is lunch time.
	Lunchtime is the best time for decision-making.
	Lunch breaks were the best point for decision-making.
	The optimum time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The most opportune moment for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best moment to make a decision is lunch time.
	The best place to make a decision is to have lunch time.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	It's lunchtime that's the best timing to make a decision.
	It's lunch time that's the perfect time to make a decision.
	The best time for making a decision is lunch time.
	It's the best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	The best time for decisions is lunch time.
	And the best time for making a decision is lunch time.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	The best point in making the decisions is lunch time.
	It is lunch time that is the best time for decision-making.
	Lunchtime is the best time for decision-making.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	lunch time is the most opportune time for decision-making.
	The best point of decision is when it comes to lunch time.
	The best moment for decision-making is lunch time.
	The optimal time for decision-making is lunch time.
	Lunchtime is the best opportunity for decision-making.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time for making a decision is lunch time.
	Lunch time will be the most appropriate time to make a decision.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The time best to make a decision is lunch time.
	The time for making the decision is best served by lunch time.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	The most appropriate time to take a decision is lunch time.
	The best decision-making time is lunch time.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	It is lunch time that is the best time to make a decision.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	The best time to take a decision is lunch time.
	The best time for making a decision is lunch time.
	The best time for making a decision is lunch time.
	The best time to make a decision is lunch time.
	Lunchtime is the best time for decision-making.
	Lunchtime was the best time for decision-making.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	lunchtime was the best time for decision-making.
	Lunch is the best time for decision-making.
	The best time for decision-making is lunch time.
	Lunchtime was the best time for decision-making.
	The best moment for decision-making is lunch time.
	The most appropriate time for decision-making is for lunch time.
	Lunch time was the best point for decision-making.
	Lunchtime is the best time for decision-making.
	The best time for such a decision is lunch time.
	The best time for taking such a decision is lunch time.
	The optimum time to take such a decision is lunch time.
	The best time for such a decision is lunch time.
	The optimal time to make such a decision is lunch time.
	The most appropriate time to make such a decision is lunch time.
	The best time to take such a decision was lunch time.
	The best time to arrive at such a decision is lunch time.
	The best time to take such a decision is lunch time.
	The optimum time to make such a decision is lunch time.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The elderly patient was considered too frail to survive an operation.
Top 100 Translations
	The older patients are considered to be in poor condition and unable to survive and escape from surgery.
	Older patients are considered to be very infirm and unsistakable and unable to save themselves through surgery.
	Older patients are considered to be infirm and unsustainable and unable to survive through surgery.
	The elderly patient is considered to be weak and unable to survive, as he/she has been prevented from going through surgery.
	Older patients are seen as infirm but not viable and unable to be spared by surgery.
	The elderly persons were considered to be weak and unable to survive and were not able to survive through surgery.
	Older patients are deemed to be weak and unable to survive, and are not able to survive through surgery.
	The elderly are considered as infirm and unable to survive, and are prevented from being able to survive surgically.
	Older patients are perceived as infirm and not able to survive and have been able to survive through the operation.
	The older patient is seen to be weak rather than alive and to have been able to survive through surgery.
	The aged patient was found to be too weak to survive the operation.
	The elder patient was thought to be too infirm to survive the operation.
	The elderly patient is considered to be too weak to survive during the operation.
	The elderly person is considered too infirm to survive the operation.
	The elder patient was found to be too weak to survive the operation.
	The older patient is considered to be too infirm for the duration of the procedure and will not be able to survive.
	This elderly patient was deemed too weak to survive in the course of the operation.
	The elderly patient is believed to be too frail to survive the operation.
	The elderly patient was deemed too infirm and unable to survive the operation.
	The elderly patient is considered too infirm to survive the operation.
	The elderly patients are perceived to be too weak to survive the operation.
	The older patients were considered weak and unable to survive the operation.
	Old patients are considered too feeble to be able to survive the operation.
	An elderly patient is considered weak to be fortunate to be in the process of being subjected to surgery.
	Old patients are thought to be too weak to have the chance of being in surgery.
	Older patients are found to be too weak to be able to survive the operation.
	The old patients are considered to be too weak to be fortunate to exist during the operation.
	The old patient was deemed too weak to be fortunate to exist in the operation.
	The elderly patients were considered weak enough not to be fortunate for the operation to be carried out.
	Older patients were considered to be too weak and not fortunate to be in the midst of surgery.
	Old patients are seen as too weak to survive the operation.
	Elderly patients were regarded as too weak to be saved during the operation.
	Older patients are seen to be too weak to be spared during surgery.
	Elderly patients are seen as too weak for them to be able to survive during the surgery.
	Elderly patients are considered to be too weak to survive the operation.
	Older patients are regarded as too weak to survive the operation.
	Elderly patients are seen to be too vulnerable to be left untouched during the operation.
	Old patients are viewed as being too weak to survive the operation.
	The elderly patients are considered too vulnerable to survive during the operation.
	The elderly patients were seen as too weak to be able to survive during the operation.
	The elderly are believed to be too weak for them to survive the operation.
	Older patients are regarded as physically weak and unable to survive the operation.
	The elderly patients are thought to be weak enough to survive the operation.
	Older patients are deemed to be in a state of weakness and are unable to survive the operation.
	Older patients are considered to be very weak and unable to survive the operation.
	Older patients are considered to be infirm and not able to survive the operation.
	Senior clients are deemed to be in poor health and unable to survive the surgery.
	Elderly patients are considered to be too weak to survive the operation.
	Older persons were considered to be weak and unable to survive the operation.
	The elderly patients are believed to be weak, unable to survive the operation.
	Older persons were considered infirm, unable to survive the operation.
	The elderly are considered invigorated and unable to survive the operation.
	The elder is considered to be in a vulnerable state of health and unable to survive the operation.
	Older persons were considered to have been in poor health and to be unable to survive the operation.
	Older people were considered to be infirm, unable to survive the operation.
	Older persons are thought to be infirm and unable to survive the operation.
	Older persons are regarded as infirm enough to survive the operation.
	The elderly are considered to be weak and unable to survive the operation.
	The elderly are regarded as being weak and unable to survive the operation.
	Older people are considered to be infirm and not able to survive the operation.
	The elderly patient is regarded as physically weak and unable to survive the operation.
	A patient who is older is considered to be in a weak condition and will not be able to survive the operation.
	This older patient is regarded as physically weak and unable to survive the operation.
	The older person was considered to be in a state of weakness and unable to survive the operation.
	The older patients were perceived as vulnerable, unable to survive the operation.
	The older patient is seen as physically weak who cannot survive the operation.
	The older patients are considered to be weak and unable to survive the operation.
	The older patient was considered to be weak and unable to survive the operation.
	The older patients are seen to be weak and unable to survive the operation.
	An elderly person is considered physically weak, unable to survive the operation.
	It is believed that the elderly have a weak body which is not able to survive the operation.
	It is believed that the elderly do not survive the procedure with a weak body.
	Older persons were not believed to be in a vulnerable condition and would not survive the operation.
	It has been argued that the aged are physically weak and not able to survive the operation.
	It is considered that older people are not fit to survive the operation.
	The elderly are considered to be in a weak condition that would render them unable to survive the operation.
	It was thought that the older persons would be weak and unable to survive such an operation.
	Seniors are believed to be too weak to be able to survive the operation.
	Older persons are thought to be physically weak and not able to survive the operation.
	It is believed that elderly people are physically weak and will be unable to survive the operation.
	Older patients are considered to be infirm and unable to survive through surgery.
	Elderly patients are deemed to be too weak to survive the operation.
	Older patients were thought to be too weak and would not be able to survive through surgery.
	Older patients are found to be in a weak state and are not able to survive through surgery.
	The elderly patients are perceived as too infirm for an operation to survive.
	Elderly patients are believed to be too infirm and not to undergo surgery to survive.
	Old-age patients are believed to be too weak and incapable of surviving through surgery.
	Older patients are deemed to be very weak and are not expected to survive through surgery.
	The elderly patients were perceived to be too infirm to survive the operation.
	Elderly patients are deemed to be very weak and are unable to survive the operation.
	Older patients were considered too weak to be able to survive in the course of the operation.
	The older patient was considered to be too weak to survive the operation.
	Older patients were considered to be too weak to survive the operation.
	Senior patients are thought to have been too weak to survive the operation.
	Older patients are deemed to be too weak to survive the operation.
	The elderly are considered too weak to survive the operation.
	Older patients are seen as too fragile to survive the operation.
	Older patients are thought to have been too weak to survive the operation.
	Older patients were considered to be too weak to survive the operation.
	The older patients are deemed too weak to survive from an act of surgery.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Last Sunday, the highest temperature in recorded history was registered.
Top 100 Translations
	Last Sunday, the record temperature of the highest temperature in history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, the record of highest temperatures in history was recorded.
	The highest temperature in record history was recorded last Sunday.
	On Sunday, the highest levels of temperature recorded in history were recorded.
	The highest levels of temperature recorded in history were recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperature recorded in history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperature recorded in history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperatures in the history of such a record were recorded.
	On Sunday last year, the highest temperature in recorded history was recorded.
	The highest temperature recorded in history was recorded last Sunday.
	The record temperature was at a record high last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, the recorded temperature was at a record high.
	Last Sunday the recorded temperatures had reached an all time high.
	Last Sunday the record temperatures had reached an all-time high.
	Last Sunday, the recorded temperature was at an all-time high.
	The recorded temperatures last Sunday reached their highest level ever recorded.
	Last Sunday the recorded temperatures were at their highest level ever recorded.
	Last Sunday, the record temperature was the highest ever recorded.
	Last Sunday, the record temperature reached its highest level in history.
	The record temperatures reached record highs on the Sundays of last week.
	On Sunday last, the record recorded the highest temperature ever recorded.
	On Sunday last year, the highest temperatures recorded in the history of the record were recorded.
	Last Sunday the record recorded the highest temperature ever recorded.
	On Sunday last day, the record record recorded the highest temperature ever recorded.
	On last Sunday the record recorded the highest temperature ever recorded.
	Last Sunday, the record record recorded the highest temperature ever recorded.
	On Sunday last year, the record record recorded the highest temperature ever recorded.
	Last Sunday, the record recorded the highest temperature ever recorded.
	Last Sunday, the record was recording the highest temperature ever recorded.
	On Sunday last year, the most high temperatures recorded in the history of the record were recorded.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperature recorded in history was recorded.
	The record of the highest temperatures in history was recorded last Sunday.
	The highest temperature recorded in record history had been recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, the highest level of temperature recorded in history was recorded.
	The highest temperatures recorded in history were recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, the highest level of temperatures recorded in history was recorded.
	The highest temperatures recorded in past history were recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperature recorded in history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, a record record of the highest levels of temperature in the history of the country was recorded.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperature recorded in history was recorded.
	On last Sunday, the record recording process of record temperatures with the highest temperatures ever recorded has already been recorded.
	The record-keeping process to record a record of the highest temperature was already recorded on the previous Sunday.
	The recording process of recording the highest temperature in history was documented on the previous Sunday.
	The record recording process of recording the highest temperatures ever recorded was recorded on the previous Sunday.
	The record-keeping process for recording the highest temperature in history has been documented on the previous Sunday.
	On last Sunday, recording of the highest temperature ever recorded was recorded.
	On last Sunday, the recording process, recording the highest temperature ever recorded, was recorded.
	The recording process that recorded historical maximum temperatures had already been recorded on the previous Sunday.
	On the previous Sunday, the recording process of record-keeping of the highest temperature ever recorded had been documented.
	The recording process to record the highest temperatures in the history was recorded on last Sunday.
	On Sunday last year, the highest record temperature in recorded history was recorded at the highest temperature ever recorded and recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, records recorded the highest historic temperature, the highest temperature recorded in history, the highest in history, the same day recorded last Sunday.
	On the previous Sunday, record-highest temperature in history was recorded, the highest temperature ever recorded and was recorded on the previous Sunday.
	On Sunday last, record-recorded historical temperatures were highest and the highest temperatures in history were recorded in the same day as last Sunday.
	On Sunday last year the highest record temperature in the history was recorded, the highest in the history, and the record was recorded the previous Sunday.
	Last Sunday, the record record temperature of history was the highest in history and was recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday the record record record record of the highest temperature, the highest temperature ever recorded, recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday the record record of the highest level of historical temperatures was recorded, the highest ever, and it was recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday recorded the highest historical temperature ever recorded, with the highest temperature recorded, and last Sunday recorded.
	On Sundays last year, record-keeping recorded historical temperature was highest in history and recorded last Sunday.
	The temperature recorded on Sunday went down the path of the past record, at a peak, and it went down the road the way it's never seen before.
	And on last Sunday, record temperatures record record on record in record, record highest, record record on record.
	Last Sunday, the record temperature reached an unprecedented level of record-breaking, highest-highest temperature-highest level ever recorded in history.
	Last Sunday, the record temperature reached a record record, at highest, the highest temperature ever recorded.
	Last week the record temperatures were record, tallest, highest ever, and never before in history.
	Last Sunday, record temperature at the highest levels of record time and record never-unfortunate weather at this point in time.
	Last Sunday, record temperatures were at an unprecedented rate, highest and unprecedented in history.
	Last Sunday, record temperatures reached a record record record- highest, unprecedented level of temperature in the past few years.
	Last Sunday, there was a record level of temperature recorded at a record time, the highest, an unprecedented level of temperature.
	Last Sunday the temperature was recorded to record a record record, with a record highest, a record record of unprecedented temperatures.
	The highest temperature in history was recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperatures in history were recorded.
	On Sunday last, the highest temperature in history was recorded.
	On Sunday last week, one of the highest temperatures in history was recorded.
	The highest temperature in history was recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperature in history was recorded.
	The highest temperature ever recorded last Sunday.
	The highest temperatures in history were recorded last Sunday.
	On Sunday last week, the highest temperature in historical history was recorded.
	On Sunday last week, we recorded the highest temperature in history.
	Last Sunday, recorded temperatures of the highest temperature ever recorded in record history were recorded.
	Last Sunday the highest temperature recorded in recorded history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, record temperature peaks in recorded history were recorded.
	On Sunday last year, the highest temperature recorded in recorded history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperature recorded in the record history was recorded.
	On Sunday last day the highest temperature in recorded history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, record temperatures of the highest in the history of the record were recorded.
	Last Sunday the highest temperature ever recorded in recorded history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, the highest temperature recorded in recorded history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, the highest level of temperature recorded in recorded history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, record-keeping of the highest temperatures in history was recorded.
	The record of the highest temperature recorded in record history was recorded last Sunday.
	The record of the highest temperature of recorded history was recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, the record of record highest temperatures in history was recorded.
	Last Sunday, records were recorded in recording the highest temperatures in history.
	Last Sunday, the record of the highest temperatures in recorded history was recorded.
	The record of the highest temperatures recorded in the history of recording was recorded last Sunday.
	The record of the highest temperatures recorded in history was recorded last Sunday.
	Last Sunday, records of the highest temperatures recorded in history were recorded.
	The highest temperature record recorded in recorded history was recorded last Sunday.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
Top 100 Translations
	Breast milk is a major source of calcium and Vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a major source of calcium and Vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a vital source and a very important part of any diet, both calcium and vitamin D.
	Breast milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Cream is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Cream is an essential source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Breast milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and it is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an essential source of calcium and Vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, as well as an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and an important part of any diet.
	Dairy products are a significant source of cadmium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Dairy products are an important source of cadmium and Vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Dairy products are an important source of cadmium and vitamin D, and an important part of any diet.
	Dairy products are an important source of cadmium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Dairy products constitute an important source of cadmium and vitamin D and are an important part of any diet.
	Euish products are an important source of cadmium and vitamin D and are an important part of any diet.
	Dairy products are an essential source of cadmium and vitamin D and are an important part of any diet.
	Dairy products are an important source of cadmium and Vitamin D and form an important part of any diet.
	Breastmilk is a major source of cadmium and vitamin D, and it is an important part of any diet.
	Dairy products are a significant source of cadmium and vitamin D, and are an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an essential source of calcium and Vitamin D, and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of cacium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and Vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk was an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk was an important source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a major source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a major source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important contributor of calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a key source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source for calcium and vitamin D, and is an important component of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and an essential part of any diet.
	milk is an important source for calcium-bearing and vitamin D, and is also an essential part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium- and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important contributor to calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a significant source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important component of any diet.
	Milk is an important source for calcium-containing and vitamin D, as well as an essential part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Breast milk is an important source for calcium and vitamin D, as well as an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of catholics and vitamin D and is an essential part of any diet.
	Milk is a key source of calcium and Vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	It is a significant source for calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
	Cream is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and is a major component of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D and is an essential part of any diet.
	Milk is a significant source of calcium and vitamin D as well as an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a major contributor to calcium and vitamin D, and also an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source for calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk was a major source of calcium and vitamin D and was an important component of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important component of any diet.
	Milk is a significant source of calcium and vitamin D and is an important component of any diet.
	Milk is a critical source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important component of any diet.
	Milk is a significant source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a vital source of calcium and Vitamin D, as well as an important component of any diet.
	Milk is a significant source of calcium and Vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a major source of calcium and vitamin D, as well as an important component of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and Vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source for calcium and vitamin D and is also an important component of any diet.
	Milk is a significant source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an essential source for calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a key source of calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of crystal and vitamin D, and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a significant source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an essential source of calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a significant source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source for calcium and vitamin D and is an important part of any diet.
	Breastmilk is an essential source of calcium and vitamin D, as well as an important part of any diet.
	Breast milk constitutes an important source of calcium and vitamin D and is also an important part of any diet.
	Breastmilk is a significant source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Breastfeeding is an important source of cacium and vitamin D, as well as an important part of any diet.
	Breast milk is a vital source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Breast milk is a major source of calcium and vitamin D, as well as an important part of any diet.
	Breastmilk is a major source for calcium and vitamin D, as well as a significant part of any diet.
	Breastmilk is a significant source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Breastmilk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and an important part of any diet.
	Breastmilk is an essential source of cacium and vitamin D, as well as an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and it is an important part of any diet.
	Milk was a significant source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a vital source of calcium and Vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a major source of calcium and vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D. It is an essential part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a critical source of calcium and Vitamin D, and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a major source of calcium and vitamin D, as well as an important part of any diet.
	Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk is a major source of calcium and Vitamin D and an important part of any diet.
	Milk is one of the major sources of calcium and vitamin D, and is also an important part of any diet.
	Milk is one of the major sources of calcium and vitamin D, and is an important part of any diet.
	Milk was one of the important source sources of calcium and vitamin D, as well as a major part of any diet.
	Milk is one of the important sources of calcium, vitamin D and is also an important part of any diet.
	Breast is one of the main sources of calcium or vitamin D, as well as an important part of any diet.
	Breast milk is an essential source for calcium and vitamin D, and is also an essential part of any diet.
	Creature is one of the major sources of calcium and vitamin D, as well as an important part of any diet.
	Milk is one of the key contributors to calcium and Vitamin D, and is also an important part of any diet.
	Milk is one of the main sources of calcium and vitamin D. It is also an important part of any diet.
	Creature is an important source of calcium and vitamin D, and it is an important part of any diet.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The customs officer was suspicious and called the man over to inspect his luggage more closely.
Top 100 Translations
	He was suspected by the customs officer, who called and asked him to carry out a closer inspection of his luggage.
	The customs officer suspected him, and phoned him, requesting him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The Customs official suspects him and called him and asked him to examine his luggage more closely.
	He was suspected by the customs official who telephoned him and asked him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs official suspected him and called him and asked him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer doubted him and called him with a request to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer suspected him and telephoned him and asked him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs official questioned him and phoned him and asked him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The officer doubted him and called him and told him to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs official suspected him, and called him, asking him to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs official suspected his whereabouts and informed him of the closer examination of his luggage.
	The customs officer doubted his whereabouts and advised the person that he would be more closely inspected of his luggage.
	The customs officer suspected his whereabouts and informed the individual that he would be more closely inspected with regard to his luggage.
	The customs officer had doubts as to his whereabouts, and had advised that the individual would examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer questioned his whereabouts, and informed that he would be more careful in checking his luggage.
	The officer suspected him of whereabouts and advised that he would be more careful in the inspection of his luggage.
	The customs officer suspects his whereabouts and informed the person that he would look more closely at his luggage.
	The customs officer doubted his whereabouts and informed the person that more careful inspection of his baggage would be carried out.
	The customs officer was suspicious of him, and informed that the person would look more closely at his luggage.
	The customs official had doubts as to his fate and informed the person that his luggage would be checked more closely.
	The customs officials suspect him and made a phone call and requested him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs authorities suspected him and called him and asked him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials suspected him and made a telephone call requesting him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officials suspect him and made a call requesting him to examine his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials suspected him and called him and asked him to check his luggage more closely.
	Customs officers had suspected him and made a telephone call requesting him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officers suspect him and have made phone calls asking him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The Customs officials suspected him, and had called him and asked him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs agents suspected him and called to ask him to examine his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials suspected him and made telephone calls asking him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer was suspicious and telephoned the man to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer had doubts and had phoned the man in order to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officers suspected the man and made a phone call with a view to more closely inspecting his luggage.
	Customs officers were suspicious and called the man in order to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs officers had doubts and called the man in order to check his luggage more closely.
	In a suspicious way, the customs officers telephoned the man to check his luggage more closely.
	Customs officers suspected the man and made a telephone call in order to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer suspected him by telephone to visit the man in order to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officers questioned and called the man in order to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer suspected, and telephoned the same man in order to examine his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials suspected the person to telephone and asked him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	Customs officers suspected that they had called and asked the person to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officials suspected the person to have called him and asked him to examine his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials suspected, and made a call to the same person and requested him to search his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials suspected that the man had been contacted, asking him to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs official suspected that the person had been called to check his luggage more closely.
	Customs officers suspected that they were making calls to the man to have his luggage examined more closely.
	The customs officer suspected that he had telephoned the man, asking him to check his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials suspected that the individual had been questioned in the telephone, and had requested him to examine his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials suspected that they had phoned the man and asked him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs officials had suspicions about calling him and asking him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs officers questioned him, calling the same person to carry out a closer inspection of his luggage.
	The Customs officials suspected him, calling the man and asking him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs official was suspicious and had called the person asking him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs officials were suspicious and had called the person, asking him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officers had been suspicious and had called the same person and asked him to search his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials were suspicious, and called the person concerned so that he could look more closely at his luggage.
	Customs officers were suspicious, calling the person to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer questioned and called the person so that he might have to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs officials suspected and called the person and asked him to examine his luggage more closely.
	He was suspected of having made a phone call, where he was asked to examine more closely his luggage.
	That customs officer suspected him, calling him to look more closely at his luggage.
	The customs officer suspected him and called, allowing him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs official suspected him and made a phone call to get him to look even more closely into his luggage.
	The customs official suspected him, made a phone call and asked him to check his luggage more closely.
	He was suspected by the Customs officer, who called to make him more careful in inspecting his luggage.
	The customs officer suspected him, called and asked him to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer suspected him, making a call to make him look more closely at his luggage.
	The customs officer suspected him and called, allowing him to check his luggage more closely.
	He was suspected of being involved by the Customs officer and had been called to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer was suspicious, telephoned and checked his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer is suspicious and calls him, asking him to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs officers had been suspicious and called, asking them to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs officials have been suspicious and have made a telephone call to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer was suspicious and telephoned him and had to check his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials are suspicious; they telephoned him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs official is suspicious and calls him and has to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs official is suspicious, and he calls him and has to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer had been suspicious, had telephoned, and had to carry out a closer examination of his luggage.
	The customs official was suspicious, telephoned, and had to check his luggage more closely.
	The Customs officers were suspicious and called to allow him to search their luggage and to examine it more closely.
	The customs officials were very suspicious and made a phone call to check the luggage, which they were able to search the luggage more closely.
	The customs officers had doubts and called him there to look at the baggage and to check the baggage more closely.
	The customs officials had doubts and made a phone call to enable him to inspect the luggage and to inspect the baggage more closely.
	The customs official was in a state of doubt and made a phone call and told to search his baggage for them and to examine them more closely.
	The Customs officers had doubts and telephoned to inspect the baggage and to do so more closely.
	The customs officials had been sceptical, and they called there to let him search his baggage and to inspect it more closely.
	The customs officer was suspicious and made a call to allow him to inspect the luggage and inspect the luggage more closely.
	Queries were expressed by customs officials who called to check their baggage and checked it more closely.
	The Customs officials questioned it, and telephoned the site to allow them to inspect their baggage and to inspect them more closely.
	The customs official had a suspicious presence and he called him, requesting him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	The customs officials had suspicious aspects, and he called him and asked him to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer, who was suspicious, called him and asked him to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer had some suspicions and he called him and asked him to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer had suspicious circumstances, and he telephoned him and requested him to inspect his luggage more closely.
	He called the customs officer, who had doubts, and demanded that he check his luggage more closely.
	Customs officials have some doubts and he phoned him and asked him to check his luggage more closely.
	When the customs official had something suspicious he called him to ask him to examine his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer had suspicions, and he called him to ask him to check his luggage more closely.
	The customs officer had something suspicious and he telephoned him and asked for him to look at his luggage more closely.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Are these old plates of vital importance or can I put them into storage?
Top 100 Translations
	Do you think those old plates are essential, or can I store them?
	Do these old plates have any vital significance, or can I just put them away?
	Does the old plates make any sense, or can I store them?
	Are these old dishes vitally important, or can I store them?
	What's the vital importance of these old dishes, or am I supposed to store them?
	Does it matter that the old plates are vital, or can I store them?
	Are these old dishes of vital importance, or am I supposed to store them?
	Does the old plate have a vital role to play, or can I store them?
	Do these used dishes mean anything in no small part, or should I just take them in and then put them in storage?
	What's the significance of those old dishes, or should I store them?
	These used dishes were very important, or can I put them in a storage room?
	And this is an important piece of old dishes, or am I supposed to put them in the storeroom?
	And those old dishes are very important, or can I keep them in a storage room?
	Are these old dishes really important, or do you think I could just store 'em in a storage room?
	Are those old dishes important, or can I keep them in a storage room?
	What's so important about these old dishes, or will I put them in a storage room?
	These old plates are so important, or can I put them in the storeroom?
	These used plates are important, or am I supposed to put them in a storage room?
	So these old plates are very important, or can I put them in storage?
	Are those old dishes really important, or can I keep 'em in a storage room?
	Are those old plates critical, or am I supposed to keep them in storage?
	Do they make a difference, or could I put them in the room, if it means anything to me?
	Do these old plates matter to you or do I have to put them in storage?
	Is it important if I keep the old ones, or do you think I should put the cards on the table?
	Are these old license plates vital or am I supposed to keep them in storage?
	Would it be important if I had these old license plates... or might I just keep them in store for the rest of my life?
	Is it important that these old license plates be kept, or am I supposed to be keeping them?
	Are those old plates vital or can I put them in storage?
	Is these old plates so important or am I supposed to keep them in storage?
	Do these old licences matter to you or can I save them for you?
	These old plates, are they vital, or am I supposed to put them in the storage room?
	These old cards are very important. Can I just put 'em in the storage room?
	These old license plates are of crucial importance. Or am I going to put them in the storage room?
	These old license plates are essential. Or am I supposed to put them in the storeroom?
	- These used plates are essential. Is it possible that I could put them in the storeroom?
	Are those old plates critical, or should I put them in the storage room?
	These old plates are important. Is it really important that I put them in the storage room?
	These old plates matter, can I just put them into the storage room?
	These old plates are vital, or can I just put them in the storage room?
	And these old plates are important to us, or should I put them in the storeroom?
	Is this old plate extremely important, or can I drop them in the storage room?
	Are these old plates really important or can I just put them into the storage room?
	Are these old dishes extremely important or am I going to put them in the storage room?
	Are these old dishes extremely important, or are I allowed to put them in the storage room?
	Are those old dishes of vital importance or could I put them in the storage room?
	Are these old plates vital, or can I put 'em in the storage room?
	These old plates are very important or could I put them in the storage room?
	Are these old plates extremely important, or can I place them in the storage room?
	Is the old plates very important, or am I supposed to put it in the storeroom?
	Do I have to put the same old dishes in the storeroom or can I just just put them in the storage room?
	Are those old plates really important or could they be placed in the storage room?
	Is it that those old plates were important, or that you can put them in the storage room?
	Is it that the old plates are very important or should they be placed in the storage room?
	Do these old plates really matter, or can they be put into the memory room? I don't know.
	So are these old plates very important or are you able to put them into the storage room?
	These old plates, are they really important or can they be placed in the storage room?
	Are those old license plates very important, or will they be able to be put into the storage room?
	Is it these old plates important or can they be placed in the storage room?
	Are these old license plates important or are they available in the storage room?
	Are these old plates important or can they be in the locker room? No, I-I-I don't think so.
	Are those old license plates very important to you, or do I get to put them in storage?
	Are those old licences really important, or do I have a chance to put them in storage?
	Does it matter what these old plates are, or can I put them in storage?
	Do you think it's really important to have these old plates, or do I have the ability to store them?
	Do you think these old plates matter or can I keep them?
	Is this old license plate really important, or am I gonna keep them in storage?
	Is the old numbers important, or am I supposed to store them?
	Are those old licenses very important, or am I allowed to store them?
	Do you think it's important that I have those old licences, or can I put them away?
	Do you think it's important that I have these old plates or do I just have to put them in storage?
	Is this all really important to old plates or do I have to put them in the warehouse?
	Do you think that these are the most important old plates or can I keep them in the warehouse?
	Are these the key to the old plates or am I gonna keep them in the warehouse?
	These are crucial old plates, or would I be able to keep them in the warehouse?
	These are all essential old licence plates, or can I store them in a warehouse?
	Those are the important old plates, or can I just store them in the warehouse?
	So are these the major old plates or can I just store them in the warehouse?
	Are those the most important old plates or are I supposed to have them stored in the warehouse?
	These are really important old license plates or am I gonna put them in the warehouse?
	Do these are the key old licence plates, or can I just put them in the warehouse?
	Is it important that these plates do, or that I could store them?
	So, do these plates matter, or can I store them?
	Do these plates matter, or can I store them?
	Do these plates matter, or can I store them?
	So, is it important if I have to store these plates or... if I can store them?
	Would it matter if those plates were in the same way, or could I store them?
	Do you have any idea what the license plates are, or do I have to store them?
	Are these license plates important, or am I supposed to put some of them in storage?
	Do you think these plates matter, or can I store them?
	Do these plates matter or can I store them?
	It's really important if you have the old ones or can I store them in storage? I don't know.
	And these old plates are very important or am I supposed to store them?
	It's important for the old plates to be in storage or is that what I can store them for?
	Are these old license plates really important, or are I supposed to stock them up?
	It's important these old plates, or am I allowed to store them?
	So is it really important to have the old license plates, or are I going to be able to put them in storage?
	Are those old plates really important or do I have to store them?
	Are these old plates important or can I store them?
	Are those old license plates important or am I able to store them?
	It's so important that you have the old ones or that I'm able to store them?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The humble bee, so often taken for granted, plays a key role in agriculture.
Top 100 Translations
	This low, often taken for granted, bee plays a key role in agriculture.
	Such petty bees, which are often taken for granted, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	Such a humble, often taken for granted, honeybee plays a key role in agriculture.
	These low-pity, often taken for granted, bees have a critical role to play in agriculture.
	These humble, and often taken for granted, bees play a key role in agriculture.
	This low-level and often natural bee plays a key role in agriculture.
	Such bees, which are low, often taken as a matter of course, play a key role in agriculture.
	Such scoundrels, often taken as a matter of course, play a key role in agriculture.
	These humble bees, often taken as a matter of course, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	The humble and often taken for granted honey bees have a crucial role to play in agriculture.
	The humble honeybees, which often were taken for granted, played a key role in agriculture.
	Pride bees are often taken for granted and play a key role in agriculture.
	Pompous honeybees are frequently taken for granted, and play a key role in agriculture.
	Frustrating bees are frequently taken for granted, and play a key role in agriculture.
	Pleases of modestness often take their rightful place and play a key role in agriculture.
	Pride bees were often taken for granted, and they played a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bees, often accepted for granted, play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble honeybees, which often were taken for granted, played a key role in agriculture.
	Pleases of humility, often taken for granted, play a key role in agriculture.
	Pompous bees are often taken for granted and play a key role in agriculture.
	Very pompous beees are often taken for granted and play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bee was often taken for granted and plays a key role in agriculture.
	Poor honeybees, which were often taken as a matter of course, played a crucial role in agriculture.
	Plight honeybees, often taken for granted, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	The lowly bees are often taken for granted and have a key role to play in agriculture.
	Small bees that are humble are often taken for granted to play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bee is frequently taken for granted, and has a crucial role to play in agriculture.
	Latter little honeybees are often taken for granted, and play a key role in agriculture.
	Very small, tiny bees, often taken for granted, can play a key role in agriculture.
	The tiny bees, often taken for granted, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	The pristine honeybees, which were often taken for granted, played a key role in agriculture.
	The pristine bees, often taken for granted, play a key role in agriculture.
	The pompous bees are often taken for granted and have a key role to play in agriculture.
	Very often, humble bees, often taken as a matter of course, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	Poor honey bees were often taken for granted and had a key role to play in agriculture.
	Very often, the humble bees are taken for granted and play a key role in agriculture.
	Often, low-level bees are taken for granted, and play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble honey bees, often taken for granted, played a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bee, too often taken for granted, plays a key role in agriculture.
	Often, humble bees, which are taken for granted, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	Curious bees play a crucial role in agriculture, which is often taken for granted as bees, and play a key role in agriculture.
	Quddling bees played a key role in agriculture, which was often taken for granted as beees and played a crucial role in agriculture.
	Quite modest bees play an essential role in agriculture, as they are often taken for granted as bees and play a key role in agriculture.
	humble bees play a key role in agriculture and are often perceived to be natural bees and play a crucial role in agriculture.
	humble honeybees play a vital role in agriculture, which is often taken for granted as bees and play a key role in agriculture.
	Pompous bees play a critical role in agriculture, which they often take for granted as bees that play a key role in agriculture.
	Physics have a crucial role in agriculture, and they are often recognized as natural bees and play a key role in agriculture.
	Curious bees play a key role in agriculture, which is often taken for granted as bees, which play a key role in agriculture.
	Pompous bees play a crucial role in agriculture, often recognized as legitimate bees, and play a crucial role in agriculture.
	The humble bee play a pivotal role in agriculture, which is often taken for granted by the bees themselves and plays a key role in agriculture.
	Often taken for granted, pristine bees play a key role in agriculture.
	Too often it is taken for granted that pristine honey bees have a crucial role to play in agriculture.
	Often taken as a matter of course, pristine honeybees play a key role in agriculture.
	Often taken for granted, the humble bees have a key role to play in agriculture.
	Often, taken for granted, punctuated bees play a crucial role in agriculture.
	Often taken for granted, the humble bees played a key role in agriculture.
	Often assumed as a natural, humble honey bees play a key role in agriculture.
	It is usually taken for granted that the humble honey bees play a key role in agriculture.
	Often taken as an act of right, the humble bees play a key role in agriculture.
	Typically, it is taken for granted that humble bees play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bees play a key role in agriculture, and they are often taken for granted.
	The humble bee plays a crucial role in agriculture, and often it is taken for granted.
	The humble bees play a key role in the agriculture that is often taken for granted.
	The smug bees play a critical role in agriculture, and such bees are often taken for granted.
	humble bees play a crucial role in agriculture, and they are often taken for granted.
	The humble bees played a vital role in agriculture, and such bees are often taken for granted.
	The humble bees, which often have to be taken for granted, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	A humble honey bee plays a critical role in agriculture, and the bee is often taken for granted.
	The pet bees played a critical role in agriculture, and they are often taken for granted.
	The weak bees played a key role in agriculture, and often it was taken for granted.
	The humble bees, frequently taken for granted, had a key role to play in agriculture.
	Slight honey bees, which are often taken as a matter of course, play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bees, often recognized as legitimate, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	The humble bees, often taken for granted, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	The humble honey bees, which are often taken for granted, play a crucial role in agriculture.
	Peak bees, which are often taken for granted, play a key role in agriculture.
	Low-down bees are often taken for granted, and play a key role in agriculture.
	Poor honeybees, often taken for granted, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	The humble bees, which often have to be taken for granted, have a key role to play in agriculture.
	The humble bees, often taken as a reason for doing so, play a key role in agriculture.
	The cheap bee that is often taken for granted played a key role in agriculture.
	Poor bees, which are always taken for granted and which play a critical role in agriculture, play a crucial role.
	The humble bees, often taken as a matter of course, play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bees, which were always taken for granted, played a key role in agriculture.
	A low-intensity bees, always taken for granted, play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bees, who are always taken for granted, played a key role in agriculture.
	A humble bee, which has always been accepted for granted, plays a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bees, always taken for granted, play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble honey bees, which have always been considered as a matter of course, play a key role in agriculture.
	The humble bees that always are taken for granted play a key role in agriculture.
	Cheeked bees are often taken for granted and play a key role in agriculture.
	Quite often humble bees have been taken for granted and play a key role in agriculture.
	Quiet bees are often taken for granted and play a key role in agriculture.
	Curious bees are often taken for granted, and play a key role in agriculture.
	Quite often humble bees, often seen as natural, had a key role to play in agriculture.
	The humbling bees are often taken for granted and play a key role in agriculture.
	Quite often, humble bees have been taken for granted and play a key role in agriculture.
	A humble bees are often regarded as legitimate, and have a key role to play in agriculture.
	Curious bees are often taken for granted to play a key role in agriculture.
	Cheap honeybees were often taken for granted and played a key role in agriculture.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Singers take care of their voice to guarantee optimum performance.
Top 100 Translations
	Singers take care of their voices to ensure that they are the best of performers.
	Singers take care of their voices so as to make sure that they perform optimally.
	The singer takes care of the voice in order to ensure the best performance.
	The singers take care of their voices in order to keep an eye on them and to make sure of their best performance.
	The singer takes care of their voice so as to ensure the best performance.
	The singers are looking out for their voices so as to ensure the best performance.
	The singers take good care of their voices to ensure their best performance.
	Singers take note of their voices in order to ensure their best performance.
	The singers are watching out for their voices so as to ensure the best performance.
	It is the singer's responsibility to take care of their voice, so as to ensure that they perform optimally.
	Artists take care of their voices in order to safeguard their best performance.
	The singer takes care of his/her voice, so that he/she can ensure optimal performance.
	Singers take care of their own voices in order to ensure their best performance.
	A singer takes care of his voice to ensure that he or she will be the best performer.
	A singer takes care of his or her voice to ensure his/her best performance.
	Singer takes care of his or her own voice in order to safeguard his or her best performance.
	The singer is looking after his or her voice so as to protect the best performance of his or her performance.
	A singer takes care of his voice in order to guarantee his or her best performance.
	Singers take care of their own voices in order to safeguard the best performance.
	The singers take care of their own voices in order to protect their best performance.
	Singers must be aware of their voices and make sure that their best performance is done.
	A singer must pay attention to his own voice and make sure he is doing his best.
	Singers have to watch their voice, and make sure they do the best they can.
	Artists should be aware of their own calls and make sure they behaved in the best possible way.
	The singers must heed their own voices and make sure they do the best they can.
	Singers are expected to pay due heed to their voice and to perform in a manner that is consistent with their best performance.
	Singers must watch out for their voice and make the best of the way that they're doing it.
	Artists have to keep a close eye on their voice, to make sure the best performance is done.
	Singers have to pay attention to their own voice and to make sure that they do what they want for the best.
	Singers are expected to be very careful about their voices and to make sure they've done their best.
	A singer takes care of his or her voice so as to ensure his or her optimal performance.
	Singers take care of their own voices to protect their best performance.
	Singers are taking care of their voice to ensure the best performance.
	To ensure that performance is achieved, singers take care of their voices.
	Singers care for their own voices, to ensure that they perform in the best possible way.
	Singers take care of their own voices in order to safeguard their best performance.
	The singers take care of their voices, so that best performance can be guaranteed.
	A singer takes care of his/her own voice to guarantee his/her best performance.
	The singers take care of their own voice in order to guarantee their best performance.
	Singer takes care of his voice so that he can keep an eye on his best performance.
	singers need to take care of their own voices to ensure their best performance.
	The singers must take care of their own voices and let them be the best of performers.
	The singers take care of their own voices and try to be the best performer.
	Singers are supposed to look after their voices to see if they'll be able to make the best of them.
	Singers must take care of themselves to ensure their best performance.
	singers have to take care of their voices so they can be the best in terms of performance.
	The artists must take care of their voices so that they can play their part in the best way they've got to do it.
	Singers will have to take care of their voices and to see to their best performance.
	singers must look after their voice to ensure that they are doing what they'll be doing for the best.
	The singers are gonna look after their own voices in order to see how the best can be done.
	Singers take care of their voices to ensure that they do what they do best.
	The singer takes care of their voice and makes sure you do what you do best.
	Singer take care of their voice to ensure that their best performance is done.
	The singer takes care of their voices in order to make sure the best performance is done.
	The singers take care of their voices and see to it that the best can be done.
	Singers take care of their voices and ensure that they are the best of performers.
	Singers look out for their voices to make the best possible performance.
	The singer is taking care of their voice in order to ensure that the performance is done in the best possible way.
	The singer takes care of their voice and makes sure that the best performance is done.
	The singer takes care of their voice and guarantees the best performance.
	Artists take note of their voices so as to ensure their best performance.
	Artists are paying attention to their voices so as to ensure the best performance.
	Artists heed their voices, to ensure that they perform in the best possible way.
	Artists take heed of their voices and ensure that they perform in the best possible way.
	Artists pay attention to their voices in order to ensure their best performance.
	Artists pay attention to their voices to ensure that they do what they want to do for the best.
	Artists are attentive to their voices in order to ensure the best performance.
	Artists heed their calls in order to ensure the best performance.
	Artists pay attention to their voices in order to ensure that they are performed in the best possible manner.
	The artists are attentive to their voice to ensure the best performance.
	Artists should be aware of their voice so that they are able to perform their best.
	singers need to be sensitive to their voices in order to ensure that they are the best performers.
	Singers need to look out for their voices to ensure their optimal performance.
	The singer is expected to keep an eye on his voice, in order to guarantee the best performance.
	Singers have to keep an eye on their voices so as to ensure optimal performance.
	Artists are expected to pay attention to their own voices in order to ensure their best performance.
	The singers have to pay attention to their voices, so as to ensure their best performance.
	Artists need to be aware of their own voices in order to make the best possible performance.
	Singers have to be attentive to their voices, to ensure that they are doing their best.
	The singer has to be mindful of his or her own voice so he or she can make the best of his or her performance.
	Singers would take care of their voices to ensure the best performance.
	Artists will be taking care of their voices in order to guarantee the best performance.
	Singers will take care of their voices in order to ensure their best performance.
	Singers can take care of their calls to ensure their best performance.
	The singers will take account of their voice so as to ensure the best performance.
	The singers would take due care of their calls to ensure the best performance.
	Singers will take care of their voices to ensure the best performance.
	Artists would be able to accommodate their voices to ensure that they were doing the best they could.
	Singers are expected to heed their voices in order to ensure the best performance.
	The singers take care of their voices so as to ensure the best performance.
	Singers will have to heed their voices in order to ensure their best performance.
	It is the voice of those who sing in order to guarantee their best performance that their voices be heeded.
	The singers are expected to pay attention to their voice in order to safeguard their best performance.
	It is for singers to take heed of their calls so as to safeguard their best performance.
	The singers will have to heed their call to ensure the best performance.
	It is up to the singers to heed their voices to safeguard their best performance.
	The singers are asked to heed their voices in order to ensure the best performance.
	The singers should be attentive to the voice of them in order to ensure their best performance.
	Singers need to keep their voices informed in order to guarantee their best performance.
	It is for the singers to heed their calls, in order to guarantee the best performance.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even if you can't quit smoking, you should do your best to at least cut down a bit.
Top 100 Translations
	And even if you do not quit, you need to try to cut down at least a ton.
	Even if you can't quit, you should try to cut it by at least a ton.
	Even if you're not gonna stop smoking, you're gonna have to do something to cut it by at least a ton.
	And even though you can't quit smoking, you're just gonna try and cut them down to a point, at least.
	Even if you don't quit, you should do what you can to reduce it by at least a ton.
	And even if you don't quit, you should've done what it takes to cut a little bit at least.
	And even if you can't stop smoking, you'll have to try to at least cut a ton.
	If you can't quit the smoke, you've got to try to cut a ton of smokes as much as you can.
	And even if you can't quit, you should try and cut down at least a ton.
	Even if you're not going to quit smoking, you're gonna try to at least cut a ton.
	If you don't stop smoking, you've got to at least have a smaller number of smokes.
	Even if you cannot stop smoking, you'll need to keep it smaller at the very least.
	Even if you don't give up, you'll have to at least lighten it up a little bit.
	Even if you can't quit smoking, you've got to at least reduce the amount of smoke you smoke.
	You have to at least keep your cigarette volume down, even if you can't quit.
	Even if you can't quit smoking, you must at least have a smaller number of smokes.
	Even if you don't quit smoking, you should at least keep it a bit smaller in terms of smoking.
	Even when you can't quit smoking you're gonna need to lighten the amount of cigarettes you have to smoke.
	Even if you couldn't stop smoking, it'd be better to at least lighten the amount of smoke you smoke.
	Even if you don't stop smoking, you need to do it at least by reducing the amount you need to smoke.
	Even if it's impossible to quit, you've got to try your best to cut it down as far as you can.
	If you don't quit, you'll do your best, just cut as much as you can.
	If you can't stop smoking, you have to try your best to cut that down as much as you can.
	And even if you can't, you should do your best, cut a little bit.
	If you can't stop smoking, you're gonna do your best, so cut it down as much as you can.
	Even if you can't quit, you're supposed to be doing your best to cut some down as much as you can.
	Even if you can't quit smoking, you should do your best to cut as much as you can.
	Even if you can't quit smoke, you should try your best, and cut one down as far as you can.
	You're just gonna have to try to cut it down a little more than you've been able to, if you're ever gonna quit smoking.
	And even if you can't quit smoking, you should try your best to cut it down as much as you can.
	You need to try to cut it short at least, if you can't quit smoking.
	Even if you cannot quit smoking, make sure you at least cut it short.
	Even if you won't quit smoking, try and cut it a bit short, if that's all you have to do.
	Even if you couldn't quit smoking, you gotta try to at least cut it short.
	You must try to cut it as little as possible, even if you can't quit smoking.
	You're still gonna need to trim as much as you like to smoke, even if you can't quit smoking.
	You should try to cut it any shorter even if you're going to be able to stop smoking.
	Even if you don't get out of smoking you're gonna do what it takes to at least cut it short.
	If you're not going to quit smoking, try and cut it short as a small part of what you're thinking.
	Even if it doesn't quit, you have to at least try to cut it short.
	Even though you can't stop smoking, you should have done your best at least to do it a little bit.
	And even if you don't quit smoking, you should have done your best, at least by a little bit.
	If you're gonna quit the cigarette, you should do your best, at least do it a little bit.
	Even if you don't quit smoking, you're gonna do your best at least to do it down a little bit.
	Even if you can't quit that, you'll have to do whatever you can to do, at least do it a little bit.
	And even if you can't stop smoking, you're gonna have to do the best that you can and you're not doing it, at least a little bit.
	If you don't stop smoking you should do what you've got to do to do at least a little bit.
	And if you don't stop smoking, you should do what you can with at least just a little bit of it.
	Even though you're not going to stop smoking, you're going to try your best at least to do that a little bit.
	Even if you can't quit, you'll be doing your best to do at least a little bit.
	Even if you are unable to stop smoking, you must do what you can to at least reduce it a little bit.
	Even if you are unable to quit, you should do your best to reduce it a little at least.
	Even if you can't quit, you should do your best to reduce it at least a little bit.
	Even if you cannot quit smoking, you should do what you can, at least a little less.
	And even if you're not going to be able to stop smoking, you should try your best to get rid of it by at least a little bit.
	Even if you can't stop smoking, you should do your best, at least a little less.
	If you can't quit smoking you should do as much to, at least a little less.
	Even if you can't quit smoking, you'll have to do its best to, at least, decrease it a little bit.
	You'll do your best to at least reduce it, even if you're not in a position to quit smoking.
	Even if you don't quit, you'll have to try your best and at least decrease it a little bit.
	You have to make every effort to cut at least a bit, even if you can't quit smoking.
	You'll try to cut a little at least, even if you can't quit smoking.
	Even if you can't stop smoking, you're gonna have to try and cut it by at least a little bit.
	You must try to reduce it at least a bit, even if you can't quit smoking.
	Even if you couldn't quit, you'd have to at least try to cut it a little bit.
	Even if you don't quit, you're supposed to at least try to cut it by a little bit.
	Even if you won't quit smoking, you'll have to try to reduce it at least a bit.
	Even though you're not gonna stop smoking, you should try to reduce it at least a little bit.
	And even if you're not gonna quit, you're gonna try to cut it by at least a little bit.
	Even if you cannot quit smoking, you should try to at least reduce it by a little bit.
	Even though you won't stop smoking, you should try to smoke as little as possible.
	And even if you don't stop smoking, you should at least try to keep your smokes as little as possible.
	Even if you don't quit, you'll have to try to smoke as little as possible.
	Even if you don't stop smoking, you're supposed to be doing at least a little bit less smoking.
	Even if you can't quit smoking, you're supposed to smoke as little as you can.
	If you can't stop smoking, you ought to try to smoke a bit less, as far as you're concerned.
	Even if you can't quit smoking, you should try to smoke as little as possible.
	Even when you can't quit smoking, you should do at least as little smoke as you can.
	Even though you can't quit smoking, you should at least try to keep it to a minimum.
	Even if you won't stop smoking, at least you'll smoke a little less.
	If you don't stop, you have to do everything you can to at least cut it a little little, but it's up to you to cut it back a little bit.
	Even if you're not quittin' it's worth at least a little cut, but you have to cut it a little bit less.
	Even if you quit, you'll have to at least cut it up a little bit, but you'd be doing a bit of a lot to keep it down.
	You have to try and cut it down a little bit, even if you're not quitting, but you got to cut it a little, a little bit less.
	If you quit smoking, do what you can to at least cut it down a bit, but you need to do it a little bit less.
	Even if you don't, you have to try to cut it a little bit more, but you need to cut it a little bit less.
	And even if you quit, you got to do all you can to cut a little bit at least, but you should have done that a little bit less.
	Even if you stop smoking, you should try your best to cut at least a bit less, but you need to reduce it a little bit.
	If you stop smoking or not, I'm gonna have to try to cut you a little less, but you'll need to cut you a little bit less.
	You're gonna have to do your best to cut a little bit down, even if you quit smoking, but you're gonna need to do a little less.
	If you cannot quit, you have to do your best to cut off tobacco at least as little as you can.
	Even if you cannot stop smoking, you have to try your best to cut it as much as you can.
	If you can't quit, then you must try to do your best, and cut up as much tobacco as you can.
	And if we can't stop smoking, it'll have to take your best effort, at least at least cut some of it in the way you're supposed to.
	Even if you don't stop smoking, you gotta do what you can to cut up tobacco at least a little bit.
	If you can't stop smoking, you have to try your best and at least cut off your tobacco.
	Even if you can't quit smoking, you need to try your own best to keep your tobacco down a little bit as much as you can.
	If you can't stop smoking, you'll have to try to cut up your cigarette to the minimum if you want it to work as best as you can.
	And even if you don't quit smoking, you must do everything you can, at least cut it a little bit less.
	If you can't stop, you need to make the best effort you've got to try to cut your tobacco as low as you can.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The charity dance raised $5000 and the hospital was able to buy a new heart scanner.
Top 100 Translations
	Charitable dances raise $5,000, and the hospital is able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	A charity dance has raised $5,000 and the Hospital has been able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	Charitable dance generated $5,000, and the hospital was able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropistic dance raised $5,000 to enable the hospital to purchase a new heart scanner.
	The charity dance had raised $5,000, and the hospital had been able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	A charity dance had been awarded $5,000, and hospital was able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropy dance has raised $5,000 and the hospital has been able to buy a new heart scanner.
	Benevolent dancing raised $5,000 to make it possible for hospitals to purchase a new heart scanner.
	Charitable dances raised $5,000 and the hospital was able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropic dancing raised $5,000, which allowed the hospital to purchase a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropic ball raised $5,000 for a new heart scanner that's being bought by the hospital.
	The charity party raised $5,000 and the hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	Beneath the ball raised $5,000, the hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	The charity ball raised five thousand dollars and the hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	The charity party had raised $5,000, and hospitals had bought a new heart scanner.
	The charity party raised $5,000, and the hospital purchased a new heart scanner.
	That's five thousand bucks from a charity ball. The hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	For the charity prom, 5000 dollars, the hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropic dance raised 5000 dollars for the hospital to buy a new heart scanner.
	The charity party raised $5,000 for the hospital, and the hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	So the charity party got $500 in, the hospital also bought the new heart-scanner.
	That charity party raised $500, and there's also a new heart scanner at the hospital.
	We got $500 for this charity dance and the hospital buys a new heart scanner.
	A charity dance brought up $500 and the hospital also bought a new heart scanner.
	We'd raised $500 at this charity ball, and the hospital also bought a new heart scanner.
	This charity ball has raised $500, and the hospital has purchased a new heart-scanner.
	The charity party got $500 in and the hospitals bought a new heart-scanner.
	This charity ball got $500 and hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	This charity ball raised $500, and a new heart scanr was also purchased by the hospital.
	This charity ball has raised $500 and the hospital's bought a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropy collected $5,000, and the hospitals were in a position to buy a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropy had raised $5,000, and the hospital was able to buy a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropistic dance raises $5,000 and the hospital will be able to buy a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropy choreography raised $5,000 and hospitals were able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropistic dance raised $5,000, and hospitals have been able to buy a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropographics raised $5,000 and hospitals were able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	The charity dance raises $5,000, and the hospital will be able to buy a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropy had raised $5,000, and hospitals had been able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropy has raised $5,000 and hospitals have been able to purchase a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropist dance raises $5,000. The hospital is able to buy a new heart scanner.
	The charity party raised $5,000, and the hospital can buy new heart scanners.
	The Philanthropies raised $5,000 and hospitals were able to buy new heart scanners.
	The charitable ball was raised $5,000, and hospital's going to get a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropy is getting $5,000, and the hospital can get a new heart scanner.
	The charity prom has raised $5,000, and the hospital can buy new heart scanners.
	The charity party raised $5,000 to get the hospital to buy new heart scanners.
	The philanthropy party raised $5,000, and the hospital's gonna get a new heart scanner.
	The charity party raised $5,000, so the hospital can buy a new heart scanner.
	The charity party raised $50000 for new heart scanners in the hospital.
	The charity prom raised $5,000, and the hospital was able to buy new heart scanners.
	We have a 500-dollar charity ball. The hospital is going to buy a new heart scanner.
	The Philanthropy's got $500 up for the hospital to buy a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropies got $500. The hospital would have access to a new heart scanner.
	A charity dance was set at $500 so the hospital could buy a new heart scanner.
	The charity ball had raised $500, and a new heart scanner was available at the hospital.
	A philanthropy party raised $500 so the hospital could buy a new heart scanner.
	The charity dance raised $500. Hospitals are able to buy a new heart scanner.
	It raised $500, so that a hospital could buy a new heart scanner.
	The charity party raised $500 for a new heart scanner, which was available at the hospital.
	A philanthropy ball brings $500 to the hospital to buy a new heart scanner.
	The charity dance had raised $5,000 and hospitals had bought new heart scanners.
	The charity party has raised 5,000 bucks and the hospital has bought new heart scanners.
	The Charitable Party had raised $5,000 and the hospital had also purchased new heart scanners.
	The charity party had raised 5000 dollars and the hospital had purchased new heart scanners.
	The charitable ball had raised $5,000 and hospitals had purchased new heart scanners.
	The charity party had raised 5,000 bucks and the hospital had also purchased a new heart scanner.
	There was 5,000 bucks for the charitable dance, and hospitals have purchased new heart scanners.
	The charity party raised 5,000 yuan and the hospital bought new heart scanners.
	Beneath the charity ball raised $5,000 and the hospital also bought a new heart scanner.
	For the charity ball, 5,000 bucks was raised, and the hospital purchased a new heart scanner.
	The charity dances raised $5,000, and hospitals were able to purchase new heart scanners.
	Philanthropical dance has raised $5,000, allowing hospitals to purchase new heart scanners.
	Philanthropic dance has raised $5,000, and hospitals are allowed to buy new heart scanners.
	Charitable dance has raised $5,000, and the hospitals have been able to buy new heart scanners.
	Benevolent dance raised 5,000 dollars, which enabled hospitals to buy a new cardio-scanner.
	A charity dance raised $5,000, and the hospital was able to buy new heart-scanners.
	Charitable dance raised $5,000, so hospitals were able to buy new heart scanners.
	Charitable dancing raised five grand, which enabled the hospital to buy a new heart scanner.
	Philanthropist dances raised $5,000 and the hospital was able to purchase new heart scanners.
	charity dance raised $5,000 and the hospital was able to buy new heart scanners.
	The charity party brought up about $5,000, and the hospital bought new heart scanners.
	The charity ball raised 5,000 yuan, and the hospital purchased a new heart-scanner.
	The charity ball has raised $5,000 and the hospital's bought a new heart scanner.
	The charitable ball was set up for 5,000 bucks, and the hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	And it's five thousand bucks from a charitable party and the hospital's bought a new heart scanner.
	The charity prom raised $5,000, and the hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	So the charity ball raised 5,000 bucks and the hospital bought new heart scanners.
	The charity dance raised five grand and the hospital bought new heart-scanners.
	And the charity party raised five thousand dollars and the hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	So we got $5,000 for the charity dance, and they got new heart scanners at the hospital.
	The church ball raised $5,000, and the hospital also got a new heart scanner.
	I got five thousand dollars from the Church dance, and the hospital also bought a new heart scanner.
	The church party raised $5000 and the hospital also got a new heart scanner.
	The church ball raised 5,000 bucks and the hospital also bought a new heart scanner.
	The church party raised $5,000, and the hospital also got a new heart scanner.
	They got $5000 at a church party, and the hospital bought a new heart scanner.
	The Church party raised $5,000 and hospitals got a new heart scanner.
	We got 5,000 bucks from a church party, and hospital got a new heart scanner.
	A new heart scanner had also been acquired by the hospital.
	The church ball brought up $5,000, and the hospital also got a new heart scanner.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: It is often only through long experiments of trial and error that scientific progress is made.
Top 100 Translations
	Scientific progress will usually be possible only after lengthy trials and mistreats.
	Scientific progress is normally only possible when it is tested and tested at a time of prolonged incompetence and misbehaviour.
	Scientific progress is usually possible only after long periods of tests and miscalculations.
	Scientific advances can be achieved only after a long period of experimentation and misbehaviour.
	Scientific progress will normally be achieved only after long tests and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress will normally be made only after prolonged trials and erroneous experiments.
	Scientific advances were usually possible only when a long experiment or a mid-course experiment was carried out.
	Scientific progress is normally only possible after lengthy tests and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can normally be achieved only after prolonged testing and miscalculation.
	Scientific progress is usually only achieved by long-term experiments or miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can usually be made only through long tests and erroneous experiments.
	Scientific progress will normally be possible only through long experiments and miscalculations.
	Progress in science is often possible through long tests and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can usually only be achieved through long-term trials and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can normally only be achieved by long experiments and erroneous experiments.
	Scientific progress can usually be made only through long trials and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress was usually only possible through long trials and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can only normally be made by long tests and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can only normally be achieved in the form of long tests and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress will normally be achieved only through lengthy tests and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can usually be achieved only through long trials and wrong attempts.
	Scientific advances can normally be made only through a long period of exploratory and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress is generally only possible through long-term exploratory and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress is usually achieved only by a long period of experimentation and wrong attempts.
	Scientific progress can normally only be achieved through long-term experimentation and misbehaviour.
	Science progress is often achieved only through long-term experimentation and wrong-breathing attempts.
	Scientific progress is usually made only in the context of long-term detection and mistreating attempts.
	Scientific advances are usually made only if a long test and error attempt is made.
	Scientific progress has often been made only through lengthy trials and mistreats.
	Scientific advances are often made only through prolonged tests and mistreats.
	Scientific progress will usually be made only through long-term experiments and mistests.
	Scientific progress has usually been achieved only by long-term experiments and misbehavior tests.
	Scientific advances are usually only made as long as trials and errors are carried out.
	Scientific progress is usually only possible through long-term testing and incorrect testing.
	Scientific progress can normally be made only through long-term tests and erroneous tests.
	Scientific progress is usually made only through long-term tests and the wrong ones.
	Scientific progress can normally be achieved only by long-term and erroneous experiments.
	Scientific progress would usually be achieved through long-term and mistesting.
	Scientific progress will normally be achieved only through long-term experimentation and miscalculation.
	Scientific progress is often only achieved by long-term and wrong-testing.
	Scientific progress could only be attained after a long time of experimentation and error.
	Scientific progress is possible only after long experiments and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress could only be achieved when experiments and mistakes took place over the course of a long period of time.
	Scientific progress could only be achieved following a long trial period and the error of the experiment.
	Scientific progress would be achieved only with long-term experimentation and misbehaviour.
	Scientific advances can only be made after long experiments and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can be achieved only when experiments and errors have taken place over a long period of time.
	Scientific progress could be achieved only after prolonged experiments and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress could be achieved only when there was a long period of experimentation and misbehaviour.
	Scientific progress would be achieved only after long years of experimenting and miscalculation.
	Scientific progress can often only be achieved through prolonged experiments and mistests.
	It is often only after prolonged experiments and mistests that scientific progress can be achieved.
	Scientific progress could often be achieved only over long periods of time by means of experiments and miscalculations.
	Often, scientific advances can be made only after a long process of testing and error.
	Scientific progress would often only be possible through prolonged trials and miscalculations.
	Science progress is often achieved only by long experimentations and mistests.
	Science progress is often only achieved after long experiments and mistests.
	Scientific progress is often only possible after a long period of tests and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can often be made only by long tests and mistests.
	Often scientific progress will be achieved only through long periods of testing and error.
	Only after a long attempt and mistakes will it be always possible for us to get ahead with scientific progress.
	Scientific progress can often only be achieved if we have undergone long experimentation and miscalculations.
	Only after a long trial and mistakes have been made has we often been able to achieve scientific progress.
	It is only after lengthy attempts and failed experiments that we are often able to achieve scientific progress.
	Only after lengthy experiments and mistakes have we usually been able to achieve scientific progress.
	Only when we have gone through a lengthy process of experimentation and error would we have always been in a position to make scientific progress.
	Only after lengthy trials and mistested experiments has we always been able to achieve scientific progress.
	Only after long trials and mistakes have been made has we always been able to achieve scientific progress.
	Only after long attempts and mistakes have been made will we always be in a position to make scientific progress.
	It was only after a long experiment and a bad one that we were very often able to achieve scientific progress.
	Scientific progress is generally only achieved through long-term tests and error experiments.
	Scientific progress can normally be made through long-term experiments and error experiments.
	Scientific progress can often be made only if tests and miscalculations are applied over a long period of time.
	Scientific progress is often made only on a long-term basis by means of trials and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can normally be achieved only through prolonged testing and error experiments.
	Scientific progress can normally be made only through long-term tests and error experiments.
	Scientific advances can normally be achieved only through lengthy trials and misbehaviour experiments.
	Scientific progress is often achieved only through long-term experiments and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress is often only possible through long-term tests and error experiments.
	Scientific progress is often possible only through long-term testing and error experiments.
	Scientific progress may often be obtained only by lengthy experiments and mistests.
	Scientific progress can always be achieved only through prolonged trials and miscalculations.
	Often scientific progress will be possible only through long experiments and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress can only be achieved over long periods of time in a trial and in a wrong trial.
	Progress in science is often only possible with long experiments and mistests.
	Scientific advances are often made only through lengthy trials and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress was often made through long experiments and mistests.
	Scientific advances are often achieved only through long-term experiments and miscalculations.
	Scientific advances are often only possible through long-term experiments and erroneous experiments.
	Scientific progress is often only achieved through prolonged trials and mistests.
	Scientific advances are often achieved over time through long attempts and miscalculations.
	Scientific progress is often made possible through long attempts and miscalculations.
	Often, scientific advancement takes a long time to realize, both through experimentation and through miscalculation.
	Often, scientific progress has been achieved over long years of experimentation and mistesting.
	Scientific progress has often been made over extended periods of attempts and mistesting.
	Scientific progress is often a long-term undertaking and an error test which has made it possible to achieve it.
	Scientific progress often takes long time to be realized, through both experimentation and mistesting.
	Scientific progress often took a long time to be achieved through both experimentation and error-testing.
	Scientific progress is frequently achieved over a long period of time after attempts and errors have been made.
	Scientific progress is often made possible by prolonged attempts and miscalculations.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The working day in the factory is divided into day and night shifts.
Top 100 Translations
	Working day at work in the plant is divided into workdays and night shifts.
	The working day at the plant was divided into day- and night-time work.
	The day worked in the plant was divided into work days and night shifts.
	Working days in the factory are divided into working days and night shifts.
	The work days were divided into working days and night work in the factory.
	Working day at the plant is divided into day-time and night-time work.
	Working days in the factory were divided into day and night shifts.
	The workday worked in the factory was divided into day and night shifts.
	Working days in the factory are divided into day work and night work.
	Days worked at the factory are divided into daily work and night work.
	Working time is divided into day-shifting and night-time work at the factory.
	The hours worked by the factory are divided into work shifts on a daily basis and the night shift on an ad-hoc basis.
	Hours of work in workshops are divided into daily shifts and night shifts.
	Hours of work at factories are divided into day shifts and night shifts.
	The working hours in the factory are divided into day shifts as well as night shifts.
	Working hours at the factory are divided into working shifts and working shifts on a day and night basis.
	Work at the factories consists of working day shifts and night shifts.
	The hours worked in the factory were divided into work shifts during day shifts and night shifts.
	The hours worked by the factories are divided into day shifts and night shifts.
	The working hours in the factory were divided into working day-shifts and working night-shifts.
	Working days in the factory were divided into day shifts and evening shifts.
	One day of working in a factory is divided into the day and the night shift.
	Days of work are divided into day shifts and night shifts at the factory.
	One day worked in a factory and was divided into daytime and night shifts.
	Days worked in the factory are divided into day shifts and evening shifts.
	One day worked in a factory and there were shifts during the day, between the day shift and the night shift.
	The day of work in the factory was divided into day classes and evening shifts.
	The day of work in the workshop is divided into day shifts and night shifts.
	One day of work in the factory is divided into hours of work and nights of work.
	The day worked in the plant was divided into day and night shifts.
	Working days at the workshop are broken down into daily and evening shifts.
	Working days at a factory are divided into working days in the morning and in the evening.
	Working days in the factory are divided into daily and night shifts.
	Workdays are divided into work days in the factory and on a daily basis as well as at night.
	The working day is divided into days and nights at work in the factory.
	The working days at the plant are broken into daily and evening shifts.
	The days worked at the factory are classified into day and night shifts.
	The workdays at the factories are divided into working days and working day-to-day and night-time shifts.
	In the factory work days are divided into working days each day and at night.
	The working days in the plants are divided into working days every day and at night.
	One day's work at the factory is divided into daily as well as night work.
	The factory works on a day basis as part of a daily and night shift.
	One day of work in the factory was divided into day and night work.
	Day work at the plant is divided into daily and night work.
	The day worked in the plant is divided into day-time and night-time work.
	The daily work at the plant is broken down into day- and night-time work.
	The factory works on a day-time basis, divided into daily work and night work.
	The factory works in two days of work: day- and night-time.
	The work at the plant is divided into day and night work.
	One day of work at the plant is divided into day-time work and night-time work.
	Days of work in a plant can be divided into day and night shifts.
	Working days at the plant are divided into day and night shifts.
	Workdays in the factory were divided into day-time and night-time shifts.
	Days of work in the factory are divided into day and night shifts.
	Workdays in the factory are split into day and night shifts.
	The workday is divided into shifts during the day and at night in the factory.
	The workday in the factory is broken down into working shifts during the day and at night.
	Working days in a factory are split into working shifts throughout the day and at night.
	The working day in the factory is divided into day and night shifts.
	Working day at the factory is divided into day-time and night-time shifts.
	One day worked at the factory, on a daily basis and at night.
	A day's work at a factory is split into day-time and night-time work.
	The day of work of the factory is divided into day work and night work.
	One day's work at the factory was divided into day shifts and night shifts.
	The plant's one-day work was divided into day-days and night-time work.
	One day's work at a factory was divided into daily work and night work.
	The plant's one-day work is divided into work on a day and night basis.
	A day's work at the plant is divided into day-time work and night-time work.
	The work of the factory for one day is split into day and night shifts.
	One day's work at the factory is divided into work on a daily and night-time basis.
	Days of work in factories were divided into work days and night shifts.
	Working days at the plant are divided into workdays and night shifts.
	The working days at work in the plant were divided into daily work as well as night work.
	The working day at the factory is divided into day-time work and night-time work.
	The day worked in the factory is divided into day shifts and night shifts.
	The working day at the factory is divided into work days, both day and night.
	Days worked in the factory are divided into day and night shifts.
	The working days at the factory are divided into day shifts and night shifts.
	Working days in the factory can be divided into day-time and night-time work.
	Working day at the factory is divided into day- and night-time work.
	Day work at the plant is divided into day work and night work.
	The day worked at the factories is divided into days off and night shifts.
	Working days in the plant are broken up into working days on a day and on a night basis.
	Days of work at factories are divided into day and night shifts.
	Days worked at the plant are divided into workdays, day shifts, and night shifts.
	Days worked in the factory are divided into day shifts and night shifts.
	Working days were divided into daytime and night shifts in the factory.
	Work days at factories were divided into day-time and night-time work.
	Days worked at the plant were divided into day work and night work.
	Working days in a factory were divided into work days, both day and night.
	The workday in the plants is divided into daily work and night work.
	The plant workdays are divided into day and night shifts.
	Work days in the factory have been divided into working hours on a day and night basis.
	The workdays at the factories were divided into daily work and night work.
	Working days in the factory are split into workdays, which are day work, and night work.
	The day worked in the plant is divided into working days and working hours at night.
	Working days at the workshop are divided into day and night shifts.
	Days worked by the factory are divided into day-to-day shifts and night-to-night shifts.
	The workdays at the plants are divided into daily work and night work.
	The workdays at the factory are divided into day shifts and night shifts.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The job is tough, lonely and yes, on occasion, even depressing.
Top 100 Translations
	It is difficult, lonely, and sometimes it is, even repressed, it works hard, and it's lonely.
	It's hard, lonely, and sometimes it is. It's even depressing. It's hard, it's lonely.
	It was difficult, it was lonely, and sometimes it was even depressing, hard to work, it was lonely.
	It's very difficult, it's alone, and sometimes it's, even depressing, it's tough, it's lonely, it's hard to do it, it's difficult to get it out, and it's lonely.
	It's difficult to be lonely and sometimes it's even depressing and the job is difficult, and it's lonely.
	It's hard, and it's lonely, sometimes it is, and even depressed and it's hard work and it's lonely.
	It's hard, lonely, and sometimes it is, even depressed, it's hard, it's lonely.
	It is difficult, lonely and sometimes hard, and even depressing, and the work is difficult, and it's lonely.
	It is difficult, it is alone, and sometimes it is, even repressed, it's difficult to work and it's lonely.
	It's difficult, lonely... and sometimes it is, even oppressive... work is very hard, and it's lonely.
	Work is tough, lonely. Sometimes it's... sometimes it's disconcerting.
	Work is very difficult and lonely, and sometimes it's, and even frustrating.
	It's hard working, lonely sometimes, it's even frustrating.
	And it's hard, it's lonely, it's sort of, it's kind of frustrating, you know, sometimes.
	Work is hard, it's lonely and sometimes it's even frustrating.
	It's hard to work, lonely, and sometimes it is, even frustrating.
	Working is very hard and lonely sometimes, and it's even frustrating.
	Well, work is hard and lonely and sometimes it is... it's not even depressing, isn't it?
	Work's difficult, lonely, sometimes it's... it's even frustrating.
	The work is hard and lonely and sometimes is, and even frustrating.
	It is a difficult and lonely job and sometimes it is, and possibly even a stressful one.
	The job is difficult and lonely; it is, sometimes, sometimes, even repressed.
	The job is both difficult and lonely, and it is, and at times, even depressive.
	The job is both difficult and lonely and at times it is and sometimes even depressive.
	The job is difficult, lonely or, at some point, even silencing.
	The job is a difficult and lonely job, and sometimes it is, and indeed it is, depressive.
	The job is difficult, lonely, and sometimes even repressed.
	It is difficult, lonely, and sometimes it is, and even depressive.
	The job was difficult, lonely, and at times even depressed.
	The job is both difficult and lonely, and sometimes it is, or is even repressed.
	It's a difficult mission. It's very lonely. It's sometimes, and very repressed.
	It's a difficult and lonely mission. Occasionally, yes. An even stressful one.
	It's a difficult and lonely task. It sometimes is. It's even depressing.
	It's a very difficult, lonely job, a rare assignment, an occasional, and even a very depressive one.
	It's a tough, lonely job and occasionally it's even depressive.
	The task is difficult, and lonely. And occasionally, and even depressing.
	It's a tough, lonely mission, and occasionally it's even depressing.
	It's really hard, lonely, and sometimes it's even depressing.
	It's very difficult, lonely, occasionally, it's even depressing.
	This mission has been difficult, lonely, occasionally hard, and it's even depressing.
	This mission was difficult and lonely. Occasionally, sometimes, it was very, very depressed. Sometimes it was even very depressed.
	And it's hard, it's so lonely, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, it's depressing, sometimes even it's depressing.
	The job was hard, it was very lonely, and sometimes, sometimes, it was a little depressing, sometimes even a lot of melancholy.
	And it's very difficult, very lonely and sometimes, sometimes, it's sad, and sometimes even so.
	It is a difficult, lonely task, and occasionally, it gets depressing, sometimes it doesn't mean anything at all.
	It's a difficult task and very lonely, and sometimes it's, sometimes, depressed, sometimes it's even sad.
	This is a difficult, lonely task, but occasionally it is, sometimes, it's still very depressing, sometimes it's even depressing.
	It's a difficult mission and it's so lonely -- and sometimes, it's still depressing, sometimes so sad, even so.
	This mission is difficult, very lonely, and occasionally, and sometimes, it's very depressing, sometimes, it's even very depressing.
	This mission is difficult, very lonely, sometimes, sometimes very depressing and sometimes, even so depressing.
	The task is difficult, lonely and, sometimes, yes, even frustrating.
	This job is difficult and lonely, and sometimes, yes, it's even frustrating.
	The job is so arduous and lonely, and, sometimes, yes, even frustrating.
	The job is tough and lonely, and sometimes, yes, it's even frustrating.
	This job was difficult, lonely, and, sometimes, yes, even frustrating.
	And sometimes it's, well, it's, um... It's a tough, lonely job and, uh, sometimes, yeah, even frustrating.
	The job is arduous and lonely and, sometimes, yes, even frustrating.
	This job is tough and lonely and, sometimes, yes, even frustrating.
	This job is difficult, lonely and, sometimes, yes, even frustrating.
	The job is difficult, lonely and, sometimes, yes, even frustrating.
	This job is a difficult, lonely, yeah, even sometimes grumpy job.
	This is a job which is hard, lonely, yes, sometimes even grumpy.
	This job is a tough, lonely, yes, and sometimes even smithereens.
	The job is difficult, alone, yes, and sometimes even stunned.
	The work is difficult, lonely, yes, and sometimes even desolate.
	The work was difficult, lonely, yes, and sometimes even stupendous.
	The job is difficult, lonely, yeah, and sometimes even discomfort.
	This work is difficult and lonely and, yes, and at times, sometimes strangulation.
	The job is tough, lonely and, yes and at times, sullen.
	This job was difficult, lonely, yes, and even sometimes even sullied.
	It's a very hard job, lonely, sometimes heartbroken, maybe even depressed.
	It's a very difficult job, lonely, and occasionally heartbreaking... and even depressive.
	It's a tough, lonely, occasionally painful job, even a very depressing one.
	And it's a very difficult job, lonely, occasionally painful, even depressing job.
	This job is a very tough, lonely and occasionally sad, even depressed job.
	This work has been very difficult, lonely and sometimes painful, even treacherous.
	This job is difficult, lonely and occasionally heartbreaking, and it's even depressing.
	It's very hard, lonely and occasionally sad, and even depressed, so I don't know what we're going to do.
	It's a hard job. It's lonely, and sometimes it's painful and even depressing.
	It's a very difficult, lonely, occasionally very sad, or even depressed job.
	This job is difficult and lonely and sometimes sulking.
	It's a difficult work, it's lonely... it's like it gets so glum and sullen at times.
	It's a tough, lonely and sometimes stunned job.
	It's hard work, lonesome, sometimes sullen work at the same time.
	I mean, this is a hard job, lonesome, and sometimes irritating.
	It's tough, it's lonely and it's sometimes stunned.
	This job is tough. It's lonely or sometimes it's just sullen.
	The job is tough, it's lonely and sometimes sometimes, it's boring.
	This is a tough, lonely job, sometimes even boring.
	It's a very difficult job. Lonely and sometimes depressive.
	The work is hard and lonely, and occasionally, yes, it is even depressing.
	And it's tough, lonely, sometimes, yes, and even depressing.
	It was difficult, it was lonely... once in a while, yes, it was even depressing.
	This is a very hard and lonely job that occasionally, yes, may even be depressing.
	The job was very hard and lonely and, occasionally, yes, even depressing.
	It's a hard, lonely, sometimes, yes, it's even depressing.
	It's a hard and lonely job, occasionally, yes, it's even depressing.
	It was a tough, lonely job, sometimes, yes, even depressing.
	It's difficult, lonely, and occasionally, yes, and it's even depressing.
	This is hard, lonely, sometimes, yes, and even depressing.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The shopping centre was built surrounded by a vast extent of concrete for parking.
Top 100 Translations
	The mall had a huge area of concrete on the side of the building to use as concrete for parking.
	The mall has large areas of concrete around the building that are used as parking concrete.
	The mall has a large piece of concrete around the building which will be used as concrete for parking.
	The mall is surrounded by huge pieces of concrete that it uses to hold a stop in the building.
	The shopping malls had large pieces of concrete around the building for use as parking concrete.
	The shopping centre was surrounded by large areas of concrete that were used as car-rescruited concrete.
	The malls are surrounded by large areas of concrete that are used as parking concrete.
	The mall has large areas of concrete around its structures that are used as parking concrete.
	The centre had large blocks of concrete surrounding the building for parking purposes.
	It was surrounded by large pieces of concrete that were used as parking concrete.
	The shopping mall is surrounded by a large quantities of concrete that are being laid for use when parking is going to take place.
	The mall is surrounded by a huge amount of concrete, which are available for use during parking.
	There is a substantial amount of concrete laid around the shopping mall for use in parking.
	There is a substantial amount of concrete around the mall that will be used when parking is taken care of.
	There were a lot of concrete on the grounds surrounding the shopping mall and they could be used while parking.
	There was a large volume of concrete around the shopping malls, which were to be used during parking.
	There is a large area of concrete all around the shopping centre, which is required for parking.
	The shopping centres were surrounded by a large amount of concrete, which was for use in parking.
	A significant amount of concrete is left around the shopping centre for parking purposes.
	The shopping centre is surrounded by a significant quantity of concrete, which will be required when the park is stopped.
	The mall is composed of quite a wide array of concrete, which is built to park around concrete.
	It is built on a wide range of concrete around which parking stops take place.
	The mall is surrounded by large-scale concretes that are built in and around parking areas.
	The shopping mall was built into a significant area of concrete and surrounded by parked concrete.
	The shopping mall is built on a fairly wide scope of concrete surroundings of parking concrete.
	The shopping mall is surrounded by large-scale concrete made up of park-based concrete.
	The mall is built into a wide area of concrete rounded up in the form of parked concrete.
	It is built by a fairly wide area of concrete which is surrounded by parking concrete.
	The mall was built from a considerable amount of concrete to be placed around the concrete in a parking lot.
	The mall is constructed from a substantial area of concrete around which parking will take place.
	This mall was built on a large area of concrete encircling the parking lot.
	The shopping mall was built with large concrete around a parking lot.
	The mall is built around a lot of concrete around the parking lot.
	The mall is built around a parking lot with large areas of concrete.
	This shopping mall is constructed around large areas of concrete around the parking lot.
	This shopping centre was built around a parking lot with large areas of concrete.
	This shopping centre is built around parking garages with large areas of concrete.
	This shopping centre was built around a parking lot on large areas of concrete.
	This shopping centre is built on large areas of concrete, surrounded by a parking lot.
	The mall was constructed by large areas of concrete surrounded by a parking lot.
	A large number of parking concrete was built around the mall.
	There was a large volume of parking concrete built around the mall.
	The mall was surrounded by a large quantity of parking concrete.
	The shopping centres were surrounded by a pile of parking concrete.
	A large pile of parking concrete has been built in the vicinity of the mall.
	A huge volume of parking concrete was built around the mall.
	A huge pile of parking concrete has been constructed in the vicinity of the shopping mall.
	A huge amount of parked concrete has been constructed around the mall.
	A large pile of parked concrete was built around the mall.
	A large amount of parking concrete had been constructed around the mall.
	The malls equipped a large amount of concrete around the building for parking purposes.
	The shopping malls install a large amount of concrete for the parking around the building.
	The mall has placed large quantities of concrete around the building for parking purposes.
	A large amount of concrete for parking is installed at the malls in the vicinity of the building.
	The malls place a large amount of concrete around the building that will be used for parking.
	The shopping malls were equipped with a large quantity of concrete for stopovers in the immediate vicinity of the building.
	The shopping malls have equipped large amounts of concrete around the building, which will be for parking purposes.
	The malls are fitted with a large quantity of concrete, which is for parking purposes, on the outskirts of the building.
	The shopping center has placed a large amount of concrete for parking around the building.
	The mall has a large amount of concrete for parking around the building.
	The shopping centre is built around it, where large quantities of concrete are used for parking.
	The shopping malls are constructed around large amounts of concrete that can be used for parking.
	The mall was built around which there is a large amount of concrete for parking.
	The mall is built around them and it is surrounded by a large amount of concrete for parking.
	The shopping centre is built around which there is a substantial quantity of concrete for parking.
	The malls are built around them and around them there is a large volume of concrete for parking.
	The malls are built around it, with a large amount of concrete for parking.
	The shopping malls are built around and surrounded by large volumes of concrete for parking.
	The mall is built around them and around them there is an abundance of concrete for parking.
	The shopping mall is built around it, with large amounts of concrete available for parking.
	The shopping mall was built around the parking garage with huge concrete.
	The shopping centre was built around the parking lot with a huge amount of concrete.
	The shopping mall was built with huge concrete surrounding the parking lot.
	The malls are built with large concrete around the parking lot.
	The shopping malls were constructed around the parking lot with huge condensed concrete.
	The shopping malls are built in huge concrete around the parking lot.
	The mall is built with large concrete around the parking lot.
	The shopping malls are built around the parking lot with huge concrete.
	The shopping centre was built in areas around the parking lot, with a great amount of concrete.
	The shopping mall was built from large concrete around the parking lot.
	The shopping mall was built for the parking spaces with huge quantities of concrete.
	The mall was built for the parking spaces using a significant amount of concrete.
	The shopping mall was built using large quantities of concrete for parking.
	This mall had been constructed for parking use with large quantities of concrete.
	The mall was constructed for parking use using a large amount of concrete.
	This shopping mall was built for parking using large quantities of concrete.
	The mall was built for parking with large amounts of concrete.
	This shopping centre was built using large quantities of concrete for parking.
	The shopping centre was built for parking using large quantities of concrete.
	The mall was constructed for the parking area using large quantities of concrete.
	This shopping centre is made up of large amounts of concrete that can be used for parking.
	The shopping centre is built for parking with a large amount of concrete.
	The shopping mall is built with a substantial amount of concrete, which is used for parking purposes.
	The shopping centre is constructed by large numbers of concrete for parking purposes.
	The shopping centre is built on a large volume of concrete, which will be used for parking purposes.
	The mall was built with a large amount of concrete and was used for parking.
	The shopping centre was constructed with a large quantity of concrete, which is used for parking purposes.
	The mall is built in large quantities of concrete, which is available for parking.
	The shopping centre is constructed with a lot of concrete and will be in place for parking purposes.
	It was built by large amounts of concrete and was used for parking.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Every person in this room has played an important part in the success of the company.
Top 100 Translations
	Everyone in this room has played a crucial role in the success of the company.
	Everyone in this room has played a key role in the company's success.
	Everybody in this room played an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone here in this Chamber has played a significant role in the company's success.
	Every one of us in this room plays a major role in the company's success.
	Each and every one of them in this room has a key role to play in the success of the company.
	Everyone in this chamber has played an important part in the company's success.
	Each and every one of us in this Hall has played a major role in the company's success.
	Everybody in this room has played an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone in the room played a key role in the company's success.
	Everyone here in this room has played an important role in the success of the company.
	Everybody present in this room has played an important role in the success of the company.
	Everybody in this room has played a significant role for the success of the company.
	Everyone here in this meeting room has played an important part in the success of the company.
	Everybody in this room has played an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone here in this room has played an important role in the success of the company.
	Every individual in this conference room played an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone in this room played an important part in the success of the company.
	Everyone in this room had played a major role in the company's success.
	Everybody in this room played an important role in the company's success.
	Every individual has played an important role in the company's successes in this room.
	Everyone has played a significant part in the success of the company in this room.
	Everyone in this room played a significant role in the success of the company.
	Everyone has a significant role to play in this room with regard to corporate success.
	In that room, everyone has played an important role in the success of the company.
	Everybody in this room has played an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone in this room has played an important part in the success of the company.
	Everyone in this room played an important role in the success of the company.
	Every individual in this room has played an important role in the success of his or her company.
	Everyone in this room has played a major role in the company's success.
	Everyone in the room played an important part in the company's success.
	Each of us in this room has played a significant part in the company's success.
	Each person in this room has played a key role in the company's success.
	Everyone in this room played an important part in the company's success.
	Everybody in the room has played a significant role in the company's success.
	Everyone in this room plays a key role in the company's success.
	Everybody in this room has played an important role in the success of the company.
	Everyone in this room has played an important part in the company's success.
	Everyone in this room has played an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone in this conference room played an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone in this room plays an important role in the success process of the company.
	Each and every individual in this room has played a major role in the successful process of the company.
	In this very room everyone has an important role to play in the successful process of the company.
	Everybody in this meeting room has been playing an important role in a company's successful process.
	Each individual in this room played a crucial role in the company's successful process.
	Everyone within this room has played an important part in the success process of the company.
	In this room, everyone has played a significant role in the company's success process.
	Everyone in this meeting room has played an important part in the successful process of the company.
	Everyone in this room has played a significant role in the company's process of success.
	Everyone in this conference room has an important role to play in the process of success of the company.
	Everybody here in this room played a major role in this company's success.
	Everyone in this Hall has played an important role in the success of this company.
	Everyone in the Chamber has played an important role in the success of this company.
	Every person in this Chamber has played an important part in this company's success.
	Everyone in this Chamber has played a significant role in the success of this company.
	Everybody in this Chamber has played a major role in the success of this company.
	Everyone in this room has played a crucial role in the success of this company.
	Everyone in this chamber has a significant role to play in this company's success.
	Everyone in this Hall plays an important role in the success of this company.
	Everyone here in this chamber has played an important part in the success of this company.
	Everyone in this chamber plays a significant role for the company's successes and failures.
	Every individual in this Office plays an important role in its success or failure.
	Everyone in this chamber has played an important role in the company's success or failure.
	Everyone in this Chamber has played a key role in the company's success and failure.
	Everyone in this room has played an important role in the company's success or failure.
	Everyone in this Hall has played an important role in the success of the company and in the failure of the company.
	Every one of us here in the room played an important role in the success or failure of the company.
	Every single one of them in this chamber has played a critical role in the success and failure of the company.
	Everyone in this Hall played an important role in the company's success or failure.
	Each one of us in this Hall played an important role for the success or failure of the company.
	All of us here have played a very important part in the company's success.
	All of us here have a significant place in the company's success.
	All of you have been playing an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone present here is playing an important place in the company's success.
	And everyone here has played a major part in our company's success.
	All of you at this table have been important places to play in the company's success.
	Everyone here is playing a vital part in the company's success.
	All of you at this table have played an important role in the company's success.
	All of you here have been a great part of the company's success.
	Everyone in this room has played an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone at the seat played a very important role in the company's success.
	Everyone at the table played an important part in the company's success.
	Everybody in this table has played a significant role in the company's success.
	Everyone who sits on this seat has played an important part in the company's success.
	Everyone at the table is playing a significant role in the company's success.
	Everybody in that seat has played a critical role in the company's success.
	Everyone in the seat played an important role in the company's success.
	Each and every person in the seat has played a crucial role in the company's success.
	Each of the persons represented on the seat played an important role in the success of the company.
	Every person represented in this seat plays a vital role in the success of the company.
	Everyone else in this seat... has played an important part in the company's success.
	Everyone in this table... played a vital role in the company's success.
	Everybody at this table has a major role to play in the company's success.
	Every person on the seat... played an important role in the company's success.
	Everyone on that table played an important role in the company's success.
	Every one of us on the floor played an important role in the company's success.
	Every man in this table has played a critical role in the company's success.
	Every man on the bench, he's playing a major role in the company's success.
	Everyone at the table, they all played an important part in the company's success.
	Everyone on the podium has played an important part in the company's success.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The little girl insisted until hospital staff finally showed her to her father's room.
Top 100 Translations
	The little girl insisted on getting to the hospital staff who eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl insists that the staff of the hospital eventually put her in her father's room.
	The girl stuck to the hospital staff, and ultimately took her to her father's room.
	The little girl stuck with the hospital personnel and eventually brought her into her father's room.
	This little girl insisted to be sent to the hospital staff to eventually take her to her father's room.
	The little girl stuck with the hospital staff, who eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted on her being taken into the hospital by hospital staff, which ultimately took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted on moving to her hospital staff, eventually bringing her into her father's room.
	The girl persisted until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The young girl insisted on going to the hospital staff who eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted until the hospital personnel finally took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The girl held it until the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl remained in the hospital until her hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted until a hospital staff member finally brought her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted until the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted on her life until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted until the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl held her until hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted on going to hospital and eventually brought her home to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted on reaching the hospital, and eventually she was taken home to her father's room.
	The little girl stayed there until the hospital officials finally took her home to her father's room.
	This little girl stayed up to the hospital where she was finally brought home to her father's room.
	The little girl had insisted on being taken to the hospital where the hospital staff eventually brought her home to her father's room.
	The girl insisted on visiting the hospital personnel, and was eventually taken home to her father's room.
	The young girl insisted on going to the hospital and eventually took her home to her father's room.
	The young lady insisted on going to the hospital, and eventually took her back to her father's room.
	The young girl persisted in the hospital where she was eventually taken home to her father's room.
	The little girl stayed at the hospital, and eventually the hospital personnel took her back to her father's room.
	The daughter insisted until the hospital staff ultimately took her to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted that she remained in his place until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted until the hospital's staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted until the hospital's personnel eventually took her to her father's room.
	The young girl insisted until the hospital staff finally took her to the father's room.
	The young girl insisted on staying until the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted that she remain until the staff at the hospital eventually took her to the father's room.
	The young girl insisted until the staff member of the hospital finally took her to her father's room.
	The young girl insisted until the hospital's staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The young girl insisted until her hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted on her until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The young girl persisted until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The little girl stuck up until after the hospital staff finally brought her to her father's room.
	The girl persisted until the hospital personnel finally took her to her father's room.
	The young girl insisted until the hospital officers finally brought her to her father's room.
	The girl maintained that she had not been taken until after the hospital staff finally took her off to her father's room.
	The young girl insisted on keeping her until the hospital personnel finally took her to her father's room.
	The young girl kept until the hospital officials finally took her to her father's room.
	The young girl maintained that until the hospital personnel finally took her to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted until the hospitals' medical staff finally took her to his father's room.
	The little girl insisted until the hospital's medical staff finally brought her to his father's room.
	This little girl insists until medical staff at the hospital finally took her into his father's room.
	The little girl insisted, until the hospital medical personnel eventually took her to his father's room.
	And this little girl kept insisting until the medical staff at this hospital finally took her to his father's room.
	The little girl insisted on it until the hospital medical staff finally took her to his father's room.
	And that little girl insisted until after the hospital medical personnel finally took her to his father's room.
	This girl insisted until the hospital surgeon finally took her to his father's room.
	This little girl insisted, until medical staff in the hospital eventually took her to his father's room.
	The little girl insisted that until the medical staff at the hospital finally brought her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted, until the staff of the hospital finally viewed her in her father's room.
	The little girl insisted until she was finally seen by the hospital's staff in her father's room.
	The girl insisted until the hospital staff finally saw her in her father's room.
	The young girl insisted until the hospital officials finally saw her in her father's room.
	The girl insisted until she was eventually seen by hospital staff in her father's room.
	The child insisted until she was eventually viewed by hospital staff as part of her father's room.
	The little girl insisted on until she was eventually seen by hospital staff into her father's room.
	The little girl insisted until the hospital staff eventually visited her in her father's room.
	The little girl insisted until after the hospital staff eventually showed her to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted that she was not removed until the staff at the hospital finally saw her in her father's room.
	Her daughter insisted that she be finally taken by hospital staff to her father's ward and that she finally be brought by hospital staff to her father's room.
	The girl insisted until the hospital staff finally took her to her dad's ward and until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The daughter insisted that until the hospital staff had finally taken her to her father's ward, until the hospital staff finally had taken her to her father's room.
	The daughter insisted until the hospital staff took her last to her father's room, before the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The daughter stayed until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's ward, until the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The daughter maintained until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	She insisted that she should last until the hospital staff finally took her to her dad's room, until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The daughter insisted that until the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's ward, until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted that she was eventually taken to her dad's room by hospital personnel until the hospital staff finally showed up and took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted until she was finally taken by hospital staff to her father's ward, and until the hospital staff finally brought her to her father's room.
	The young girl insisted that she had to be taken to her father's room until hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The young girl insisted that until the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room, she insisted on her taking her to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted that, until the hospital staff finally took her to the father's room, she maintained that she was taking her to his father's room.
	The young woman insisted that she be taken to her father's room when the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted that she be taken to her father's room, as the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The girl insisted that she was taking her to her father's room until after the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted until the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room where she insisted that she was taking her to his father's room.
	The girl insisted that she should be taken to his father's room by the hospital staff until it was finally taken to that office by the hospital staff, and that she insisted that she should go to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted that she would be brought to his father's room until later, the hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room.
	The little girl insisted that she be taken to her father's room, until hospital staff eventually took her to her father's room, and she insisted that she should be taken to her father's room.
	The little girl stayed until a hospital staff member finally brought her to her father's room.
	The little girl persisted until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The little girl stayed until the hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The girl held until the hospital staff finally brought her to her father's room.
	The little girl maintained her until the hospital staff finally brought her to her father's room.
	That little girl insisted until the hospital staff eventually brought her to her father's room.
	The young girl lasted until the hospital staff finally brought her to her father's room.
	The girl held up until hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
	The girl persisted until a hospital staff was finally able to take her to her father's room.
	The little girl held on until hospital staff finally took her to her father's room.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The murderer worked in a cemetery and had no problems in disposing of the body.
Top 100 Translations
	The murderer works at the cemetery, and there are no problems in disposing of the body.
	The killers are working at the cemeteries and have no problems with the processing of the bodies.
	The murderer is working in the cemetery and there is no problem with the disposal of the body.
	Murderers work in the cemetery and have no problems in disposing of their bodies.
	The killer works at a cemetery and does not have any problems with the disposal of the body.
	The murderer works at the cemetery without any problem with the disposal of the body.
	The killer works at the cemetery, and there are no problems with the bodies being dealt with.
	Murderers work in cemeteries, and there are no problems in dealing with the corpses.
	Murderers were working at the cemetery, and no problems had been encountered in disposing of the bodies.
	The murderer works in the cemetery and he has no problems dealing with the body.
	The murderers work at the cemetery and there is no problem with the treatment of the bodies.
	The killer worked in the cemetery and had no problem with the disposal of the body.
	The killer worked at the cemetery, and had no problem with the disposal of the body.
	The perpetrators worked in the cemetery, and had no problems in disposing of the bodies.
	The killer worked in a cemetery and there was nothing wrong with disposal of the body.
	The murderer was working at the cemetery, and there had been no problem in disposing of the body.
	The perpetrator worked at the burial ground and there were no problems in the process of disposing of the body.
	The perpetrators worked in the cemetery and did not have problems dealing with the bodies.
	The murderer worked in the graveyard and there were no difficulties with the disposal of the body.
	The murderer works at the cemetery and has nothing to do with the disposal of the body.
	The killer worked in the cemetery, and there was nothing wrong with the body.
	The murderer works at a cemetery and there are no problems in disposing of the body.
	The killer worked in a graveyard and the body had nothing to do with it.
	The killer works in a cemetery, and it's okay for the body to be taken care of.
	The killer was working in a cemetery and had no problem disposing of the bodies.
	The murderer worked in a graveyard and there was no problem disposing of the body.
	The killer works at a graveyard and he's not in any trouble with the body.
	That killer worked at a cemetery and there were no problems in disposing of the body.
	The killer works on a cemetery. It's fine to deal with the body.
	The murderer worked at a cemetery and had no problems disposing of the body.
	The murderer worked in the cemetery and did not have any problems disposing of the body.
	The killer worked in the cemetery, and no problem was encountered in disposing of the body.
	The killer worked in the graveyard and there was no difficulty in disposing of the body.
	The murderer worked in the cemetery and there were no problems in disposing of the body.
	The killer worked in the grave, and there was nothing wrong with disposing of the body.
	The murderer worked in the graveyards, and no problems had been encountered with the disposal of the bodies.
	The murderers worked in the graveyards and had no problems with the disposal of the bodies.
	The killer works at the cemetery, and there are no problems in disposing of the body.
	The killer worked in the cemetery and there was no problem with the disposal of the body.
	The killer worked at the cemetery, and there was no problem in disposing of the body.
	The perpetrators worked in a cemetery and there had been no problems in dealing with the bodies.
	The killer works at a cemetery and there is no problem in disposing of the body.
	The killer worked in a cemetery and there is no problem disposing of the body.
	The killer works for a cemetery and there is nothing wrong with the treatment of the body.
	The perpetrator worked in a cemetery and had no problems handling the body.
	The killer works in a cemetery, where there is nothing wrong with disposing of the body.
	The murderer works in a cemetery, and the body has nothing to do with it.
	The murderer worked at a cemetery and no problems had been encountered in disposing of the body.
	The murderer worked in a cemetery and did nothing to deal with the body.
	The murderer works at a cemetery and there is no problem dealing with the body.
	The killer worked in a cemetery and there were no questions regarding the disposal of the body.
	The perpetrators were working in a cemetery and have no problems with the disposal of the bodies.
	The murderer works in a cemetery and has no questions with regard to the disposal of the body.
	The murderer was working in a cemetery and there were no problems with disposing of the body.
	The murderer works in a cemetery, and there are no problems regarding the treatment of the body.
	The killer works on a cemetery, and no problems exist in dealing with the body.
	The murderer worked in a cemetery, with no problem in disposing of the body.
	The murderer worked in a cemetery and had no problems with the disposal of the body.
	The perpetrators worked in a cemetery, and there was nothing wrong with the disposal of the bodies.
	The perpetrator worked at a cemetery, and there was nothing wrong with disposing of the body.
	That murderer worked at a cemetery and had no problem in disposing of the body.
	This murderer works in a cemetery, and no problems have been encountered in disposing of the body.
	The murderer worked in a graveyard and did not have problems with the body's treatment.
	The killer works at a cemetery and has no problems in disposing of the body.
	The murderer, who worked at a cemetery, did not have any problem dealing with the body.
	The murderer worked in a cemetery and had no problems in treating the body.
	The killer worked in a cemetery and had no problems in disposing of the body.
	The murderer was working at a graveyard with no problems in the handling of the body.
	This murderer works in a graveyard, with no problem in disposing of the body.
	The killer works in a cemetery. There is no problem with the disposal of the body.
	The perpetrators were working in a graveyard and had no problems disposing of the bodies.
	The killer works at a cemetery, and there is no problem in disposing of the body.
	The murderer worked in a cemetery, where there was no problem with the disposal of the body.
	The murderer worked in a cemetery and did not have any problems in disposing of the body.
	The murderer worked at a cemetery, and there was nothing wrong with the disposal of the body.
	The murderer works in a graveyard, without any problems as to the disposal of the body.
	He worked in a cemetery, and he was not having any problem with the disposal of the body.
	The assailant worked in a graveyard, and there had been no problems in disposing of the body.
	The murderer works in a grave site and has no problems in disposing of the body.
	The murderers worked in a cemetery and there was nothing wrong with the disposal of the bodies.
	The killer worked in a cemetery, and there were no problems in disposing of the body.
	The killer worked in a cemetery, and did not have any problem with the disposal of the body.
	The killer worked in a graveyard, and there was no difficulty with the disposal of the body.
	The murderer worked in a graveyard and there were no problems in disposing of the body.
	The murderer worked in a graveyard, where there was no difficulty in disposing of the body.
	The killer works at a graveyard and there are no problems with the disposal of the body.
	The killer was working at one of the cemeteries, and the disposal of the bodies was unproblematic.
	This murderer is working in a cemetery and does not have any problem in disposing of the body.
	The murderers worked on a graveyard, and no problems arose in disposing of the bodies.
	The murderer was working at a cemetery and had no problem disposing of the body.
	The killer worked in the grave and there were no problems at all in the disposal of the bodies.
	The murderer worked in the cemetery, and there was no problem with the disposal of the body.
	The killers work in graves and there is no problem with the disposal of the bodies.
	The perpetrators were working in the cemetery, and there were no problems with the disposal of the bodies.
	The killer worked for a cemetery, and no problems were encountered in disposing of the body.
	The murderers worked at the graveyard and there was no difficulty in disposing of the bodies.
	The murderers worked at a graveyard and there was no problem with the disposal of the bodies.
	The perpetrator works in the graveyard and there is no problem in disposing of the body.
	The murderer works in the graveyard, where there is no problem with the disposal of the body.
	The murderer worked at the cemetery, and there was nothing wrong with the disposal of the bodies.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Two local journalists were criticised for the part they played in spreading the malicious gossip.
Top 100 Translations
	The two local journalists have received criticism for their role in the dissemination of malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists had been criticized for their role in spreading bad-intellectual rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticized for the role that they played in the distribution of malicious rumours.
	Two of the local journalists are also criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Both local journalists have been criticized for their role in the dissemination of malicious rumours.
	The two local journalists were criticised for their role in the distribution of malicious rumours.
	The two local journalists had been criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for their roles in the dissemination of ill-convinced rumours.
	Two of the local journalists have been criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	The role of the two local journalists, who have been criticized for spreading a malicious story, has caused a lot to go on as far as the media is concerned.
	The two local journalists had been criticised for their role of spreading malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticized for their role in spreading malicious gossip.
	The two local journalists were criticized for their role in the dissemination of malicious gossip.
	Two local correspondents have been critical of their role in breaking down malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for their role in spreading malicious gossip.
	Two journalists in the area were criticized for their role in the dissemination of ill-advised gossip.
	Two local journalists were criticized for the role played by them in spreading malicious gossip.
	Both local journalists were criticized for their role in spreading the malicious rumours.
	On the other hand two local journalists are being criticized for their roles in disseminating malicious rumours and conflagrations.
	The role played by two local journalists in spreading malicious gossip is a subject of criticism.
	Two local journalists were criticized for a role they played in the spread of malicious gossip.
	Two local journalists have been critical of their role in spreading venom and silencing and thugs.
	Two of the local journalists have been criticized for their roles in the spreading of odious rumours.
	Two local reporters were criticized for their roles in spreading venom, and for having a lot to say about what they were trying to do.
	Two local journalists have also received criticism for their role in spreading a odious pseudonym.
	The role played by two local journalists in disseminating odious gossip has been criticized.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for the role they play to spread perfunctory gossip.
	The two local journalists have been criticized for their role in spreading pernicious gossip.
	Two local journalists are being criticized for the role that they played in spreading odious gossip.
	Two local journalists are critical of their role in propagating malicious rumours.
	The two local journalists were criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	The two local reporters were criticized for their role in the spreading of malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticized for the role they had played in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for their role in the dissemination of malicious rumours.
	Two local reporters have been criticized for their role in the spread of malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists received criticism for their roles in spreading ill-intentioned rumours.
	Two of the local journalists have received criticism because of their roles in disseminating maliciously-magnosed rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticized for their roles in the spread of malicious rumours.
	On the other hand, two local journalists have been criticized because of their role in propagating malicious rumours.
	The role of both local journalists in spreading malicious gossip has been criticized.
	The two local reporters were criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two of the local journalists have received criticism for the role they have played in spreading malicious gossip.
	Two local reporters have been criticised for their role in spreading malicious gossip.
	Two local journalists were criticized for their role in spreading ill-conspicuous gossip.
	Two local journalists were criticized for the role they played in the distribution of malicious rumours.
	On September 24, 2010, two local reporters were criticized for their role in spreading malicious gossip.
	The two local reporters were criticized as being instrumental in spreading malicious gossip.
	Two local reporters have been criticized for their role in spreading malicious gossip.
	Two local reporters have been criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists are being criticized for their role in spreading malicious gossip.
	The role they played in spreading malicious gossip has been criticized for the role of two local journalists.
	Two local journalists were criticized for the role they played in spreading malicious gossip.
	Two local journalists were criticised for their role in the distribution of malicious gossip.
	The two local journalists were criticized for the role that they played in spreading the malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists are being criticized for their role in the dissemination of malicious gossip.
	On the same day, two local journalists had been criticized for their role in spreading false rumours.
	The two local journalists have been criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	The two local reporters were criticized on account of their role in the spread of malicious gossip.
	Two local journalists have been the subject of criticism for their role in the dissemination of malicious gossip.
	Two indigenous journalists were criticized for their role in spreading odious rumours.
	The role of two local journalists was criticized for their role in the dissemination of the most odious rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticised for their role in spreading odious rumours.
	Two local journalists are being criticized for their role in the spread of vicious rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticized for their roles in spreading malicious rumours.
	He also wrote that two local journalists had been criticized for playing a role in spreading vicious rumours.
	Two journalists in the region were criticized for their roles in spreading vicious rumours.
	The two local journalists are criticized for their role in spreading vicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for their role in propagating malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	The local journalist was criticized for his role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two journalists in the local area are being criticized for their role in evaporating malicious rumours.
	The role of two local journalists during the distribution of malicious rumours is the subject of criticism.
	Two local journalists had been criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two local reporters have received criticism for their roles in the dissemination of malicious rumours.
	The two local reporters are criticized for the role they have played in disseminating malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for the role they play in the dissemination of malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticized for their roles as they were spreading malicious rumours.
	The two local journalists were criticized for their role in the dissemination of malicious rumours.
	Two local reporters were criticized for the role they play in spreading malicious rumors.
	Two of the local journalists have been criticised for their role in the dissemination of malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticised for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for their role in propagating malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for the role they play in the distribution of malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticised for their role in the dissemination of malicious rumours.
	Two local reporters were criticized for their role in the spread of malicious rumours.
	Two of the local journalists have been criticised on their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have also been criticised for their role in disseminating malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists were criticized for the role that they had played in the distribution of malicious rumours.
	Two local journalists had been criticized for their role in spreading malicious rumours.
	Two of the local journalists had received criticism for their roles in spreading odious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for the role they played in spreading malicious gossip.
	The role of two local reporters in spreading malicious rumours has been criticized.
	Two local journalists are being criticized for the role they play in spreading virulent rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticized for their role in the distribution of vicious rumours.
	Two local journalists have been criticised for their roles in the dissemination of malicious rumours.
	The role of two local journalists, who played a critical role in spreading abusive gossip, has been criticized.
	The two local reporters were criticized for their role in spreading perfidious rumours.
	Two local journalists are under criticism for the role they played in spreading perfidious gossip.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Charlie almost got to the end of the speech before he was interrupted by a drunk guest.
Top 100 Translations
	Charlie's almost got to the end of the speech before being interrupted by one of the drunk guests.
	Charlie was almost ready to end the speech before being interrupted by one of those drunk guests.
	Charlie has nearly reached the end of his speech before he's being interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost ended up having a drink before a drunk hitchhiker left it at the end of the speech.
	Charlie's almost reached the end of a lecture before being interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie's almost at the end of his speech before being interrupted by one of the drunk guests.
	Charlie's almost at the end of a speech before being interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie is almost at the end of the presentation before he's interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost finished the talk before he got interrupted by one of his drunk guests.
	Charlie's almost at the end of the speech before he was interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost reached the end of the speech before being interrupted by an alcoholic, a couple of guests interrupted him by drunkards.
	Charlie almost at the end of the speech before being interrupted by the drunkards by the drunks' guests.
	Charlie almost ended up at the end of the talk with a drunkard before he was interrupted by an intoxicated guest.
	Charlie was almost finished with the speech before a drunk man broke up with him by a drunk man's guest.
	Charlie almost came to the end of the address before he got interrupted by a drunkard's guest.
	Charlie nearly reached the end of that speech before being interrupted by a drunkard by his drunk guest.
	Charlie almost finished his speech before getting interrupted by the drunken. He was interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie's nearly at the end of the speech before getting interrupted by drunks by drunks' guests.
	Charlie got to the end of his speech before a drunk broke up with him, and he was interrupted by drunk guests.
	Charlie nearly came to the end of the speech, before being broken by drunks and drunks, he was interrupted by a guest of drunks.
	Charlie almost got to the end of his statement before being interrupted by a drunken guest.
	Charles almost ended his speech right before he was interrupted by one of the drunk guests.
	Charlie almost got his speech to an end before he got interrupted by someone who was drunk.
	Charlie almost ended his statement before he got interrupted by a drunk customer.
	Charlie came to an end of his speech just before a drunken customer interrupted him.
	Charlie almost got his speech ready before getting interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost finished before she was interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost got to the end before a drunk customer interrupted him.
	Charles almost got to the end of the speech before he got interrupted by one of his drunk guests.
	Charlie had almost got to the end of his speech before he had been broken by one of his drunken guests.
	Charlie almost finished talking... was interrupted by an alcoholic guest... before he was interrupted by a drunk twat.
	Charlie almost finished speaking and was interrupted by a drunken client before he was cut off by a drunk.
	Charlie nearly finished talking to me and was interrupted before he was interrupted by drunks by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost done talking and got interrupted by a drunk client before he got interrupted by a drunk.
	Charlie almost finished speaking. He got interrupted by one of them drunk guests before he'd been interrupted by a drunk.
	Charlie almost finished talking, interrupted by a drunk client before he got cut off by a drunken phantom.
	Charlie's been interrupted by a drunken guest before he got cut up by a drunk.
	Charlie almost finished speaking, and he was interrupted by a drunk client before he was cut off by a drunk.
	Charlie nearly finished speaking and was disrupted by a very drunk customer until he was interrupted by a drunk.
	Charlie almost finished talking before he had to be interrupted by a drunken customer before he was interrupted by a drunken thug.
	Charlie was nearly at the end of the speech just before he was interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost got to the end of her speech until she got interrupted by a drunken guest.
	Charlie was about to end up having a speech before she was stopped by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost got to the end before she got interrupted by a drunken guest.
	Charlie almost finished her speech before being interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Well, Charlie's almost finished before he was interrupted by a drunken guest.
	Charlie almost ended up having to talk before she got interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Well, Charlie almost had a speech before she got interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie's coming to the end before being interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost got to the end of her speech before she's interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie nearly came over to the end of the speech... before being interrupted by drunk guests.
	Charlie almost came to the end of his speech before he'd been interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie came right to the end of his speech, before getting interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie nearly got to the end of his speech before being interrupted by drunk guests.
	Charlie nearly got to the finish of his speech before he got interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie was close to finishing the speech before being interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie was about to finish the speech before he was interrupted by his drunken guests.
	Charlie came near the end of the talk before he was interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost got to the finish of the talk before being interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost got off the end of the speech before getting interrupted by drunk guests.
	Charlie almost came to the end of his speech before being interrupted by a drunken guest, before he interrupted his lecture, there was a drunk guest.
	Charlie has almost arrived at the end of the address before he's been interrupted by a drunk guest, before he has been interrupted by his speech, there's a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost came to the end of his speech before he had an interruption of a drunken guest before he had an interruption to his speech, there was a drunken guest.
	Charlie's almost reached the end of his speech before he was interrupted by a drunk guest and his speech before he interrupted, there was a drunk guest.
	Charlie was almost at the end of his speech before he was interrupted by a drunk guest, before his speech was interrupted, there was a drunk guest.
	Charlie nearly arrived at the end of the speech before he got interrupted by a drunken guest, before he interrupted his speech, there was an intoxicated guest.
	Charlie almost got to the end of the speech... before he got interrupted by a drunken guest... before his talk was interrupted, there was a drunken guest.
	Charlie almost reached the end of the speech before he got interrupted by a drunk guest, before his speech was interrupted, there was a drunk guest.
	Charlie had almost reached the end of the speech and before he got interrupted by one drunk guest, before he got interrupted by one of his lectures, there was a drunk guest.
	Charlie almost got to the end of his speech before he had an interruption at a alcoholic guest, and before he had an interruption at his speech, there was a drunk guest.
	Charlie was nearly at the end of it and was interrupted by drunk guests.
	Charlie almost told me where to end it and then he got interrupted by a group of drunk guests.
	Charlie almost finished talking to the end and then he was interrupted by drunk guests.
	Charlie was almost at the end... and then he was interrupted by a drunk guest.
	Charlie was almost at the end, then he was interrupted by a drunk customer.
	Charlie almost closed the conversation. Then he was interrupted by drunk guests.
	Charlie was practically at the end of her conversation, after which he was interrupted by drunk guests.
	Charlie's talking almost finished. He was interrupted by a drunk customer.
	Charlie had nearly finished speaking, and he was interrupted by drunk guests.
	Charlie almost finished with that, and then he was interrupted by drunk guests.
	He was intoxicated before he was before he became stoned by a drunk.
	Hid he was interrupted between he before he became drunk cut off by a drunk.
	- He was interrupted by a drunker before he became drunk striked by a drunk.
	Hid he was interrupted before he before he bet the drunk stricked by a drunk.
	Hid he was intoxicated before he was after he became drunk streked by a drunk.
	HID HE was intoxicated before he was before he became stroked by a drunk.
	Hid he was interrupted before he before he became trunked by a drunk.
	He was interrupted before he was stopped by a drunken man before he became stoned stliked by a drunk.
	Hid he was interrupted before he was caught striked by a drunk.
	Hid he was interrupted before he was became stoned before a drunk was interrupted by a drunk.
	Charlie nearly got interrupted by a drunken client at the end of a speech.
	Charlie almost got interrupted by a drunken guest at the end of his speech.
	Charlie almost got cut off by a drunk client before he was finished with the speech.
	Charlie was almost interrupted by a drinker at the end of the speech.
	Charlie was about to get cut off by a drunken guest at the end of his speech.
	Charlie was interrupted by a drunken customer before he could finish the speech.
	Charlie was about to be interrupted by some drunk client before the end of his speech.
	Charlie almost had to be interrupted by a drunk guest just before the speech came to an end.
	Charlie was interrupted by a drunken client before the end of his speech.
	Charlie almost got pulled out by a drunk guest at the end of the speech.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Doctors say antibiotic usefulness varies from patient to patient.
Top 100 Translations
	Doctors say the antibiotics are very useful, and they differ from patient to patient.
	The doctors said that antibiotics can be of different uses, but they're not identical from one patient to another.
	Doctors say, the usefulness of antibiotics... differs from one patient to another.
	The doctor says the usefulness of antibiotics varies from patient to patient.
	Doctor says that the use of antibiotics differs from one patient to another.
	Doctor said that antibiotics are useful, and it's different from patient to patient.
	The doctor says the usefulness of antibiotics varies from one patient to another.
	Well, doctors say the usefulness of antibiotics varies from patient to patient.
	Doctor says the usefulness of antibiotics is different from patient to patient.
	The doctors say, "The usefulness of antibiotics differs from patient to patient."
	The doctors say that antibiotics use is different depending on how they are, and that antibiotics use more often than not.
	Doctors say antibiotics vary from patient to patient... and the antibiotics differ from patient to patient.
	The doctors said the amounts of antibiotics are different depending on whether or not they are, or whether or not the amount of antibiotics they use is different, according to a patient or a patient.
	Doctors say the antibiotics are different depending on who they are, and the antibiotics are different.
	Doctors say that antibiotics are used in different ways to patients and patients, and antibiotics are used in different ways.
	Doctors have said that the antibiotics vary according to their patient, and they differ according to their patient.
	The doctors say the amount of antibiotics vary from patient to patient and from patient to patient, and the amount of antibiotics that is used is different.
	The doctors say antibiotics vary depending on patients, and antibiotics vary according to the patient, as do the levels of antibiotics.
	Doctors say the amount of antibiotics varies as well as the amount of antibiotics they use from the patient to the patient.
	They say the amounts of antibiotics are different depending on each patient and every patient, and the amount of antibiotics, too, vary from one person to another.
	The doctors say the antibiotics are not very much of a function as they are from a patient to a patient.
	Doctors say antibiotics do not work in the same way, either among patients or in the same way.
	The doctors said the antibiotics will do different things between patients.
	Doctors say the antibiotics are not of the same effect as the patient.
	Doctors say antibiotics work in different ways between patients.
	The doctors say the antibiotics are of mixed use among the patients.
	The doctors say the antibiotic works differently than the patient.
	Doctors say antibiotics have a very different effect from one patient to the next.
	The doctors said the antibiotic effects vary from patient to patient.
	Doctors say that antibiotics are different in their use from one patient to another.
	The doctor said that antibiotics are used differently by the patient from the patient, and the drug and the antibiotics will be used differently by the patient.
	The doctors say that the antibiotics use varies from one patient to the next, and that the medication and the antibiotic function vary from patient to patient.
	The doctor said that antibiotics use vary according to patient and patient and the effects of drugs and antibiotics vary according to patient.
	The doctors say that the methods of antibiotics vary between patients and the patients, and the effects of medicines and antibiotics may vary from patient to patient.
	Doctors say that antibiotic techniques vary according to patient and patient... and the effects of medications and antibiotics vary according to patient.
	The doctor said that antibiotics use varies by patient, and that drug use and antibiotics differ by patient, and that the use of antibiotics varies by patient.
	According to the doctors, the use of antibiotics differs according to the patients, and the efficacy of the medicines and the antibiotics varies according to the patients.
	The doctor says the methods of antibiotics vary according to the patient, the methods of their use and the manner of their use differ according to the patient.
	According to doctors, antibiotic use varies according to the patient, according to the doctor, the drug and the antibiotic role varies between the patient and the patient.
	The doctor says the methods for antibiotics vary from patient to patient, and the methods for the drugs and antibiotics vary from patient to patient.
	Doctors point to antibiotics as having a bearing, and there are differences in the antibiotic function between the patient and the patient.
	Doctors pointed out the antibiotics have been effective and the antibiotics of patients are very different from that of patients.
	Doctors point out that antibiotics are active, and that there is a difference in the resilience of patients and patients.
	Doctors point out there's something about antibiotics, and the antibiotic effects between patients and patients are different.
	Doctors have pointed out that antibiotics work, and that patients' antibiotic role varies from one patient to another.
	Doctors say the antibiotics are useful, and the antibiotic roles of patients may differ from those of patients.
	Doctors point out the antibiotics have a role to play and patients and patients have a different role in antibiotics.
	The doctors pointed out that antibiotics are a good thing... that there are different kinds of antibiotic effects on patients and patients.
	Doctors point out there's a difference in antibiotics between the patient and the patient.
	They say the antibiotics work, but there is a difference between the patients' antibiotics and the patients' antibiotics.
	Doctors think antibiotics are used for different kinds of applications from patient to patient.
	The doctor thinks the antibiotic's use is different from patient to patient.
	Doctors believe the antibiotics are used in a different manner from patient to patient.
	Doctors think that the use of antibiotics is very different from patient to patient.
	Doctors think that antibiotics can be used differently from one patient to another.
	Doctors think the antibiotics are used in a different way from one patient to another.
	Doctors think the use of antibiotics is different from patient to patient.
	Doctors see the use of antibiotics as very different from patient to patient.
	They believe that antibiotics are used in different ways from patient to patient.
	The doctors think the antibiotic applications are different from patient to patient.
	Doctors said the effectiveness of antibiotics is different in the case of patients.
	Doctor said that antibiotics vary in their efficacy from patient to patient.
	The doctors say that antibiotics have different effects depending on what's going to happen to the patient.
	The doctors said that the efficacy of the antibiotics varies from patient to patient.
	The doctors say the effects of antibiotics vary from patient to patient.
	Doctors have said that antibiotics can work on a patient's side.
	Doctors have said antibiotics can be used differently from patient to patient.
	The doctor says that antibiotics are not working as good as they can be with a patient.
	The doctor says the efficacy of the antibiotics will vary from patient to patient.
	The doctor says the use of antibiotics varies from one patient to another.
	According to the doctor, antibiotics had been used, and they were different depending on the patient.
	The doctor said antibiotics were useful and vary from patient to patient.
	The physician said that the antibiotics were very useful and varied from one patient to another.
	The doctor said that the antibiotics were useful, and they differed depending on the patient.
	The doctor said that antibiotics were useful, and that they vary from patient to patient.
	The doctor said antibiotics are helpful and they vary according to the patient.
	Doctors said the antibiotics were useful and different from one patient to another.
	The doctors said antibiotics are useful and vary from patient to patient.
	Doctor said antibiotics are useful, which vary from patient to patient.
	The doctor said that the antibiotics were useful and would vary from one patient to another.
	Doctors say the antibiotics are used differently from patient to patient, but the effects are different from the patient to the patient.
	Doctors say the use of antibiotics is different from the patient, but the effect of the medication varies from the patient to the patient.
	The doctor says that the antibiotic use is different between patients and patients, but it's different when you have to take care of patients and patients.
	The doctor said the use of antibiotics varied according to the patient's and the patient's patients, but the effect varied between the patient and the patient.
	Doctors said that antibiotics use is different with patients, but the effects of drugs vary with patients and patients.
	The doctors say the use of antibiotics varies according to the patient and the patient, but the effects vary between the patient and the patient.
	According to the doctors, antibiotics are used differently by patients, but the effects differ from one patient to another.
	The doctor says that antibiotics are used differently from the patient, but the effect of the medicine is the same for the patient and for the patient.
	Doctor said the use of antibiotics differs between patients and patients but the medications vary from one patient to another.
	Doctor said antibiotics vary between the patient and the patient... but the drug's effects are different for the patient and the patient.
	The doctor said the antibiotics are different, so the patient is different from the patient.
	The doctor says the use of the antibiotics varies, the patient differs, from the patient to the patient.
	Doctors say there's differences between antibiotics, the users, the patients, the patients.
	Doctors say there is a difference between the usefulness of the antibiotics, and there is a difference in the use between the patients and the patients.
	Doctors say the usefulness of antibiotics may vary, and patients as may vary from patient to patient.
	They said there were differences in the utility of antibiotics, and there were differences in the use between the patient and the patient.
	The doctors say that antibiotics can have different uses, patients can't be different and patients can be different.
	The doctors say the usefulness of antibiotics is different. The patient is different, the patient is different.
	The doctors say the antibiotics have a different use, the patients are different and the patients are different.
	Doctors say antibiotics are very different in their utility, and they're very different from the patient.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Despite past good performances, the actor was fired when the studio decided he had become a liability.
Top 100 Translations
	Despite good performances in the past, an actor had been fired when it was decided to have become a responsible person in the studio.
	Despite the wonderful performance in the past, an actress was fired from his job, and he was dismissed when the studio decided that he was a responsible person.
	And although it was a good show in the past, an actor was fired from the job and when the studio decided that he was the one who was responsible, he was fired.
	Although the performance was good in the past, the actor was dismissed and dismissed when the studio decided that he had become a responsible person.
	Although it was a wonderful performance, the star was fired, but when the studio decided he had become a responsible person, he was fired.
	Despite the excellent performance in the past, he was fired, and when the studio decided that he had become a duty bearer, he was fired.
	Despite the remarkable performance in the past, the actor was fired from his job and he was dismissed from office when the studio decided that he had become a duty-bearer.
	Despite the great performance in the past, the actor was dismissed from his post when the studio decided that he was a duty-bearer.
	Although he played greatly in the past, the actor was fired from the job, when it was decided to become the responsible person in the studio.
	The actor was fired despite his brilliant performance in the past and the studio decided that he would have become responsible for him and he was relieved of his job.
	Despite his great performance in the past, the actor was fired, but when the studio decided that he would become a indebted person, he was dismissed.
	Despite good performance in the past the actress was dismissed, but when the studio decided to convert him into a liability, he was dismissed.
	Despite the good performance of the show in the past, actors were expelled, and when the studio decided that he was a person who became a debtpayer, he was dismissed.
	Despite his past great performance, the actor was dismissed, while he was fired when he became a debtor when the studio decided to make him a debtor.
	Although the performer has performed well, the actor is dismissed, and he is fired when the studio decides that he is a indebted person.
	The actor was expelled in spite of his good performances in the past and when the studio decided to turn him into a debtor, he was dismissed.
	He was dismissed in spite of the good performance that had been performed in the past, when the studio decided to turn him into a person in debt.
	In spite of great performance in the past, performers were fired, and when the studio decided that he was a liability, he was fired.
	Despite good performance in the past, the actor was fired and then he was fired upon when the studio decided to make him a debtor.
	Although in the past he was well performing in his performance, the actress was dismissed; while the studio decided to turn him into a person of debt, he was dismissed.
	Although he was doing well in the past, the actor was dismissed when the studio determined that he was liable.
	Despite good work in the past, the actor was dismissed when he had determined that he had been held liable in the studio.
	Despite his good work in the past, an actor was dismissed in the studio when he was determined to be liable.
	Despite the excellent performance in the past, the actress was dismissed at the time of the decision to make him responsible for the incident in the studio.
	Despite excellent performance in the past the actor was dismissed from his position when he was found liable in the studio.
	Despite the positive performance in the past, the actor was dismissed at a time when the studio had determined that he was liable.
	Despite good performance in the past, the actor was dismissed when he was found in a studio to be liable.
	Despite good performance in the past, the actor was dismissed when he was found liable in the studio.
	Despite the good performance in the past, the actor had been dismissed from his jobs while the camera had determined that he was liable.
	Despite good performances in the past, an actor was fired when his liability was established in the studio.
	Though he performed well in the past, when the studio decided that the actor was to be treated as a duty, the actor was dismissed.
	While he was well-behaved in the past, when the studio decided to consider an actor to be a liability, the actor was dismissed.
	Although he did good in the past, the actor was nevertheless fired when the studio decided that it was his duty to treat the actor as such.
	Although he was doing a great job in the past, actor was fired when he was determined to be a responsibility in the studio.
	Despite his good work, actors were fired when it was decided that they had been considered as an obligation in their studios.
	He had done a good job in the past, but they had still been fired when the studio decided to view the actor as a duty.
	Even though he had done very well in the past, the actors had nevertheless been dismissed when it had been decided to regard them as a duty in the studio.
	Although he was well in the past, he was fired when the workroom decided to treat the actor as a duty.
	Despite his good performance in the past, actors had been laid off when they decided that they would be held responsible in their studios.
	Although he performed well in the past, actors were nonetheless fired when the studio decided that an actor was to be treated as a duty.
	In spite of their good performance in the past, the actress was fired, as he was fired when the studio decided to make him responsible.
	Despite previous performances, actors were dismissed from service, as the studio decided to hold them responsible, and the players were fired as a result.
	The actors were dismissed, despite good performance in the past, and they were dismissed as a result of the studio's determination that he would be held responsible.
	Despite past good behaviour, the actors were fired, and they were fired as a result, when the studio decided to place them on the line of duty.
	Despite good performances in the past, performers have been dismissed from service, as did players who were fired for their role when it was decided in the studio that he would be held responsible.
	Despite their good track record, the players were dismissed, as they were dismissed as a result of the decision to make them responsible in the studio.
	In spite of his good past performance, the actors were fired, but they were also fired when the studio decided to make him responsible.
	Despite his good behaviour in the past, the actor was also dismissed, as the studio decided to make him responsible.
	Despite good behaviour in the past, the performer was fired, and he was also fired as a result of the decision by the studio to make him responsible.
	In spite of their previous performances, performers were dismissed, as were the actors who, when the studio had decided to place him in charge, had been dismissed.
	Despite a great performance in the past, the actress was dismissed when she identified him as an extra burden in the studio.
	Although the performance was well in the past, the actor was fired from the studio when he decided he was a liability.
	Despite the excellent performance of the past, the actor was fired when he identified himself as a liability at the studio.
	Although he performed very well in the past, actors were fired from his job when the studio determined that he was becoming a liability.
	Although he was performing well in the past, the actor was released from his job while the studio had found him to be a liability.
	Despite good performance in the past, the performer was fired when he was identified as a liability in the studio.
	Despite good performances in the past, the actor was dismissed when he was identified as being cumbersome in the studio.
	In spite of its excellent performances in the past, the actor was dismissed during the broadcast room when he was found to be a liability.
	Despite great performances in the past, the actress was dismissed when he thought he had become a liability in the studio.
	Although in the past performances were good, the actors were dismissed from the studio when they determined that he was a liability.
	Although the actress did well in the past, he was fired when the production company decided that he was becoming a liability.
	Though in the past the actor had behaved well, he was fired while the studio decided he had become a liability.
	The actor was dismissed, though, when the film company decided he was becoming a liability.
	Though he's been good, actors have been laid off while the producer decided he's become a liability.
	Despite its good track record in the past, the actor was dismissed while the studio decided to turn him into a liability.
	Despite its good behavior, actors were still laid off when the producer decided that he became a liability.
	Despite good past performance, the actor was dismissed from his job when the film company decided to turn him into a liability.
	Despite the good behavior of the past, actors were sacked when the production companies decided that he was becoming an encumbrance.
	Even though the past had been nice, an actor had been fired and when the company decided he had become an encumbrance.
	And even though they did well, the actress was fired from his job as the studio decided that he was becoming a liability.
	Despite his good performance, when the studio confirmed that he was responsible, the actor was fired.
	Although it's great in the past, when the studio determined that he had become a responsible person, the actor was fired.
	Although good performance in the past, when the studio established that he was a responsible individual, the actor was fired.
	Despite his good work in the past, actors were fired from the studio when the studio determined that he had become the duty-bearer.
	Despite doing well in the past, the actor was fired while the studio had made sure that he had become the responsible person.
	Despite his good past, actors had been fired from the studio when it had been ascertained that he was the duty-bearer.
	Although he did good in the past, when the studio had made sure he had become responsible, the actor was fired.
	Despite its good performance in the past, actors were fired when the studio determined he had become the duty-bearer.
	Although it was doing well in the past, when the studio decided that he had become the responsible person, the actor was fired.
	Though he did well in the past, the actor was fired as he was determined by the studio to be the responsible person.
	Despite the good performance of the past, the actor had been dismissed from the studio while he had determined that he had turned into a liability institution.
	Despite good past performance, an actor was dismissed from his position when he was released from the studio and decided that he had become a liability institution.
	Although he has performed well in the past, an actor was fired when he had decided in the studio that he had become a liability institution.
	Although good behaviour had been demonstrated in the past, the actor was dismissed from the studio when he had decided that he had become a liability institution.
	Although in the past he did well, the actor was dismissed in the studio when he decided that he had become a debt-orientated institution.
	Despite good performance in the past, the actor was dismissed while the studio decided that he had become a liability institution.
	Although he has performed well in the past, an actor was dismissed when he was elected a liability institution in the studio.
	Although it was good in the past, the actor was fired at the time of the studio's decision that he had emerged as a liability institution.
	Despite good performance in the past, an actor was dismissed from his employment at the studio when he decided he was a liability institution.
	Although it had been doing well in the past, actors had been dismissed when they had decided in the studio that he had become a liability institution.
	Although the showroom did well in the past, the studio considered the actor to be a responsibility while the actor was fired.
	While the performance in the theatre was good in the past, the studio held the actors to be responsible, and the actor was fired.
	Despite the performance of the theatre, the studios consider actors to be responsible and the actor is fired.
	Although the theatre did a great job in the past, the studio thought that the actor had been made a responsibility, and that the actor had been fired.
	Despite the past performance of the showrooms, actors were seen in the studios as being responsible, whereas the actor was fired.
	Although the theatres were performing well in the past, the studios thought the actor was responsible, and the actress was fired.
	Although the showrooms had performed well in the past, they believed that the actor had become the responsible, and that the actress had been fired.
	Although the theatre had done well in the past, it considered an actor to be responsible and the actor had been fired.
	Despite the great performance of the showroom in the past, the studio thinks the actress has become a duty, and the actor has been fired.
	Although the showrooms performed well, they found the actress to be responsible, and the actor was fired.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Police fear that the boy missing since Tuesday night is in danger.
Top 100 Translations
	Police are afraid of the child's disappearance since Tuesday evening, and the child would be in danger.
	Police fear that the boy might have disappeared since the night of Tuesday and will be in danger.
	The police are concerned that the kid has disappeared since Tuesday night, and that there is a danger that this kid might have been left unattended.
	The police were worried that the child would be in danger when he went missing on Tuesday night.
	The police feared the child would be in danger as he disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police are concerned that a child who has disappeared since Tuesday night will be in danger.
	Police are concerned that the boy has been missing since Tuesday night and that it will be in danger.
	The police feared that the child would be at risk as soon as she was missing on the night of Tuesday.
	The police are concerned that the boy is in danger of disappearing since Tuesday night.
	Police are concerned that the boy is going to get in danger of going missing since Tuesday night.
	Police feared that the boy would be at risk as a result of his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	Police feared that the boy would be put at risk due to his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	The police were afraid that the boy would be at risk if he disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police feared that the boy would be in danger because he went missing on Tuesday night.
	The police feared that this boy would be put at risk for the disappearance of a boy who will go to prison on Tuesday night.
	The police worry that this boy will be in danger because he's disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police fear that he will be at risk as a consequence of his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	The policemen were afraid that the boy would be in danger due to his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	The cops were concerned that the boy was in danger of being killed in the fall for the disappearance of his husband on Tuesday night.
	Police are afraid that the boy will be at risk when he's disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police are afraid that this boy went missing last Tuesday night, and he's in danger.
	The police are afraid the boy has gone missing on Tuesday night, and he's in danger.
	The police are afraid the boy disappeared last Tuesday night, and this boy is in danger.
	They were afraid this boy had been missing on Tuesday night, and that the kid was in danger.
	The police are afraid that the boy went missing last Tuesday night and that the kid's in danger.
	The police think it's the boy that went missing on Tuesday night, and that he's in danger.
	I'm worried the police may have lost the boy on Tuesday night. He's in danger.
	The cops are afraid the boy has disappeared last Tuesday night. The boy's in danger.
	Police are afraid that the boy disappeared last Tuesday night, and the kid's in danger.
	I fear they'll think that the boy went missing last Tuesday night; the boy's in danger.
	The police are concerned that this boy will be in danger if he disappears on Tuesday night.
	The police were concerned about the danger that the boy could be at risk after his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	The police fear that this boy would be in danger after his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	The policemen feared that the boy might be in danger after the disappearance of the boy on Tuesday night.
	The police feared that the boy was going to be at risk when he disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police were concerned that the boy might be at risk when he disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police were concerned that the boy would be in danger after he went missing on Tuesday night.
	Police are concerned that this boy would be in danger in the event of his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	Police were concerned that this boy would be at risk after his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	The police were concerned that the boy might be at risk after he disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police fear that the boy who disappeared since Tuesday night will be in danger.
	The policemen feared that the boy, who disappeared since Tuesday night, was in danger.
	The police fear that the boy who had disappeared from Tuesday evening would be in danger.
	According to the Police, the boys who have gone missing since Tuesday night are afraid to be in danger.
	The police were concerned that the boy who had disappeared since Tuesday night was in danger.
	The police were worried that the boy who had disappeared since Tuesday night would be in danger.
	The police fear that boys whose disappearance has taken place since Tuesday night are at risk.
	The police feared that the boy who disappeared since Tuesday night would be in danger.
	The police feared that the boy who had disappeared since Tuesday night would be in danger.
	The police were worried that boys who had disappeared since Tuesday night would be in danger.
	Police are concerned that the boy is at risk after going missing every Tuesday night.
	The police fear that the boy will be in danger once he disappears every Tuesday night.
	Police are concerned about this boy being threatened after he disappears every Tuesday night.
	The police are worried that after the boy has disappeared every Tuesday night, he might be in danger.
	They are worried about the boy's missing every Tuesday night, and it'll be in danger.
	The police are worried that that boy's gonna be at risk in case he disappears every Tuesday night.
	The Police are concerned about the boy being in danger when he's missing every Tuesday night.
	The police were worried that the boy would be in danger after he went missing every Tuesday night.
	The cops are afraid that the boy will be out in danger if he goes missing every Tuesday night.
	The police worry that the boy will be at risk once he disappears every Tuesday night.
	The police were afraid that the boy who had disappeared after Tuesday night was going to be in danger.
	The boys who disappeared after Tuesday night are feared to be at risk by the police.
	The police fear that the boy who went missing after Tuesday evening will be in danger.
	The police fear that the boy who disappeared after the night of Tuesday would be in danger.
	The police feared the boy whose disappearance would be at risk in the aftermath of Tuesday night.
	The police were concerned that the boy who disappeared following Tuesday night would be in danger.
	Police feared that the boy whose disappearance had been reported after Tuesday night would find himself in danger.
	The police feared that a boy whose disappearance took place after Tuesday evening would be in danger.
	The police were afraid the boy who had disappeared after Tuesday evening would be in danger.
	The police feared that a boy who was missing after Tuesday night would be in danger.
	The police thought that the boy would be put in danger ever since he disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police are worried the boy will get in danger ever since he disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police fear that this boy will be in danger ever after he disappears on Tuesday night.
	The police are worried that this boy might be in danger after his disappearance on the night of Tuesday.
	The police are afraid the boy may have been at risk since his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	The police fear that this boy will find himself in danger since he disappeared on Tuesday night.
	Cops are worried the boy's in danger after he's been missing on Tuesday night.
	The police feared that the boy had been in danger since his disappearance on Tuesday night.
	The police were concerned that the boy had become in danger ever since his disappearance on the night of Tuesday.
	The police are afraid that this boy is in danger since he disappeared on Tuesday night.
	The police were worried that the boys were missing since Tuesday night in danger.
	Police are worried about the boy disappearing from the perils of Tuesday night.
	The police are worried that the boy is missing since Tuesday night in danger.
	The police are concerned that boys have been missing since Tuesday night in danger.
	The police are worried about a boy who has disappeared since Tuesday's night in danger.
	The police are worried that the boys are missing since Tuesday's night in danger.
	Police are afraid of the boy disappears since Tuesday night in danger.
	The police are afraid of the boy being missing since Tuesday night in danger.
	Police are afraid that boys are missing since Tuesday night in danger.
	The police fear that a boy will disappear since Tuesday's night in danger.
	The police have been concerned that this boy, who has disappeared since Tuesday night, is in danger.
	The police fear that the boy who had disappeared since Tuesday night is in danger.
	The police feared that the boy who had disappeared from Tuesday night was in danger.
	The police feared the boy, who had disappeared since Tuesday night, was in danger.
	The police fear that the boy, who disappeared from Tuesday night, is in danger.
	The police feared that the boy, who disappeared from Tuesday night, was in danger.
	The police were worried that the boy who had disappeared since Tuesday night was in danger.
	Police are concerned that this boy, who disappeared on the night of Tuesday, is in danger.
	The police were concerned that the boy, who had disappeared on Tuesday night, was in danger.
	The police are worried that the boy, who disappeared on Tuesday night, would be in danger.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: As a matter of course, we delete all email records after three years.
Top 100 Translations
	And, of course, we did delete all e-mail records. After three years, we deleted all e-mail records.
	And of course, we removed all the e-mail records, and after 3 years, we deleted all the e-mail records.
	We deleted all e-mail records, three years later we deleted all e-mail records.
	We've removed all of the e-mail records, of course. Three years later, we've eliminated all the e-mail records.
	Yes, of course, we're removing all email records. Three years later, we're deleting all e-mail records.
	Of course, all e-mail records have been deleted and three years later, we've been deleting all e-mail records.
	We deleted all e-mail records, of course, and after three years, we deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, we eliminated all of the e-mail records, and, after three years, we deleted all of the e-mail records.
	And, of course, we did remove all e-mail records. 3 years after that we removed all e-mail records.
	Of course, we've eliminated all e-mail records, and three years later we've eliminated all e-mail records.
	And of course, in three years' time we'll have all the e-mail records deleted.
	And three years on, of course, we're going to delete all e-mail records.
	Of course in three years' time, we'll delete all e-mail records.
	Three years later, of course, we'll just delete all the e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years we'll be able to delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years, we will delete all e-mail records.
	And of course in three years' time we'll get rid of all e-mail records.
	Three years from now, of course, we'll be deleting all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years, we are going to delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, 3 years from now we'll remove all e-mail records.
	And, of course, in three years' time we will be able to delete all of the e-mail records.
	Of course, three years from now we are going to have to delete all the e-mail records.
	Of course, three years from now we'll have to delete all e-mail records.
	And of course, in three years' time we'll delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years'time, we will delete all e-mail records.
	Of course in three years' time, we are going to delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years'time, we will remove all e-mail records.
	Three years from now, of course, we are going to delete all the e-mail records.
	And, of course, in three years' time we will delete all e-mail records.
	Three years from now, of course, we will be removing all e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later, we remove all e-mail records, then three years later we delete all e-mail records.
	Three years later, of course, we remove all e-mail records, and in three years we delete all e-mail records.
	Three years later, of course, we delete all e-mail records, and three years later, we delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years, we will remove all e-mail records and then after three years we will delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, three years from now we're deleting all e-mail records, and three years later we're deleting all e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later we remove all the email records and three years later we remove all the e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years, we have deleted all the e-mail records, but in three years we have deleted all the e-mail records.
	And of course, after three years, we delete all e-mail records, and after three years we delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years, we are deleting all electronic mail records and then three years later, we are going to delete all of the e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years we remove all email records and after a three-year period we delete all the e-mail records.
	Three years later, of course, we have deleted all the e-mail records.
	And of course, three years from now, we deleted all e-mail records.
	And, of course, after three years we removed all the e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later, we've removed all e-mail records.
	We have, of course, eliminated all e-mail records three years later.
	Of course, after we had done so, three years later, we had removed all of the e-mail records.
	We deleted all e-mail records, of course, three years later.
	We're, of course, three years later, removing all e-mail records.
	And of course, three years from now, we'll have deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years, we've deleted all e-mail records.
	And, of course, in three years'time, we will delete all of the e-mail records.
	After three years, of course, we have deleted all the e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years, we have deleted all the e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years, we've removed all the e-mail records.
	Of course three years later, we've deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later, we will delete all e-mail records.
	And, of course, in the next three years, we will delete all of the e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years, we're deleting all e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years we have deleted all the e-mail records.
	After that, of course, three years later, we are going to delete all e-mail records.
	And of course, in three years' time, we take off all e-mail records.
	And, of course, in three years' time, we removed all e-mail records.
	And, of course, after three years, we're going to delete all of our e-mail records.
	Of course, three years from now, we're going to erase all of the e-mail records.
	And of course, three years later we're going to delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years' time we cut off all the e-mail records.
	Of course, three years from now, we've deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years' time, we deleted all the e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later, we have deleted all e-mail records.
	And, of course, three years from now, we have deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later we removed all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years' time, we have deleted all the e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years, we've removed all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years' time, we deleted all of the e-mail records.
	Three years from now, of course, we have deleted all the e-mail records.
	Of course, three years from now we'll have removed all the e-mail records.
	Three years later, of course, we have deleted all the e-mail records.
	Three years later, of course, we deleted all the e-mail records.
	And, of course, three years later we've removed all of the e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years we have deleted all the e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later we had deleted all e-mail records and deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later we deleted all e-mail records and deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later we removed all e-mail records and we deleted all e-mail records.
	We have, of course, removed all the e-mail records after three years, as well as all the e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later, we deleted all e-mail records and we deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, three years from now we have deleted all the e-mail records and removed all the e-mail records.
	We have deleted all e-mail records after three years, of course, and we have deleted all e-mail records.
	We have, of course, deleted all e-mail records in three years' time and deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years, we have deleted all the e-mail records and deleted all the e-mail records.
	Of course, we deleted all e-mail records after three years, and we deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years, we delete all the e-mail records, then we delete all the e-mail records.
	Of course, three years later, we delete all e-mail records, and then we delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years, we've deleted all e-mail recordings, then we've deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, three years from now we have removed all of the e-mail records and then deleted all of the e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years we deleted all the e-mail records and then we deleted all the e-mail records.
	And of course, three years later, we eliminated all the e-mail records and then deleted all the e-mail records.
	Certainly, in three years, we deleted all e-mail records, and then we deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years, we'll delete all e-mail records and then we'll delete all e-mail records.
	Of course, after three years we deleted all e-mail records and then deleted all e-mail records.
	Of course, in three years we removed all the e-mail records, and we then deleted all the e-mail records.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The tribes on these islands carry out a strange hunting ritual at the beginning of summer every year.
Top 100 Translations
	Every summer, tribes on those islands begin to practice a grotesque hunting ceremony.
	Each summer, the tribes on those islands carry out a peculiar hunting ceremony.
	Every summer, tribes on the islands begin to hold a strange hunting ceremony.
	Every summer, there is a strange hunting ritual between the tribes of these islands.
	Every summer, there is a remarkable hunting ceremony for the tribes on these islands.
	Every summer begins with an extraordinary hunting ceremony for tribes on these islands.
	Every summer, ethnic groups on the islands begin a strange hunting ceremony.
	Each summer begins with an unusual hunting ceremony for the tribes on these islands.
	Each summer, the tribes on these islands start with a strange hunting ceremony.
	Each summer, a strange hunt ritual is held by the tribes of these islands.
	The tribes on these islands celebrate strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer each year.
	The tribes on these islands hold strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer each year.
	The tribes in these islands carry out a unique hunting ceremony early in the summer each year.
	Tribes from those islands hold a unique hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer each year.
	Each year the tribes on the islands have special hunting rituals at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes in these islands practice a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer each year.
	The tribes on these islands conduct extraordinary hunting ceremonies early in the summer each year.
	The tribes on these islands conduct strange hunting ceremonies every year at the beginning of the summer.
	On these islands, the tribes conduct odd hunting ceremonies each year at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes on these islands hold an extraordinary hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer each year.
	The communities on these islands hold a weird hunting ceremony each summer at the start of the year.
	Each of the tribes in these islands conducts a strange hunting ceremony every year at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes on the islands carry out one strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer each year.
	A strange hunting ceremony is held by all tribes of those islands at the beginning of the summer each year.
	Each of the communities on these islands have a bizarre hunting ceremony at the dawn of the summer each year.
	Every year, the tribes on these islands hold an unusual hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year the tribes of those islands hold a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes on these islands hold each year an odd hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Every year, tribes on those islands carry out a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Every summer at the beginning of the summer, the tribes on these islands carry out a strange hunting ceremony.
	Each year at the beginning of summer the tribes on these islands are engaged in an odd hunting ceremony.
	Every summer begins a strange hunting ceremony was held by tribes on these islands.
	The groups on these islands carry out strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of summer each year.
	Every summer starts with an extraordinary hunting ceremony for the tribes on these islands.
	Each summer starts with extraordinary hunting rituals for tribes living on these islands.
	Each summer, at the beginning of the summer, tribal groups on these islands are engaged in strange hunting rituals.
	Each summer starts with a unique hunt ceremony between the tribes on these islands.
	Each summer starts with odd hunting rituals in the tribes on those islands.
	Each summer, at the start of the summer, extraordinary hunting ceremonies are held for tribes on these islands.
	Every summer, at the beginning of the summer, there are unique hunting rituals of the tribes on these islands.
	The tribes on those islands hold a peculiar hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer each year.
	The tribes on these islands hold an extraordinary hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer each year.
	A strange hunting ceremony is held every summer at the beginning of the clans on these islands.
	The tribes of these islands have held a peculiar hunting ceremony every summer at the beginning of each year.
	Each summer the tribes on these islands hold a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year, at the beginning of summer, the tribes on those islands hold an extraordinary hunting ceremony.
	Each summer, the tribes of these islands begin with an odd hunting ceremony.
	The tribes of these islands carry out an extraordinary hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer each year.
	The tribes on those islands hold an extraordinary hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer each year.
	A unique hunt ritual is held each summer for the tribes on these islands.
	The tribes on these islands have a strange hunting ceremony every year at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year, the tribes of those islands have a strange hunting ritual at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribe on these islands conducts a strange hunting ritual at the beginning of the summer every year.
	Each year, at the beginning of the summer, tribal groups on these islands carry out a strange hunting ceremony.
	Each of these islands' tribes undergo a strange hunting ceremony in the first part of the summer of the year.
	The tribes on these islands carry on a weird hunting ceremony every year early in the summer.
	The tribes on these islands perform an odd hunting ritual in the beginning of the summer each year.
	Each year at the beginning of the summer, these tribes on these islands conduct a strange hunting ceremony.
	Each year, the tribes on the islands conduct an odd hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year in the early summers, tribes on those islands are subjected to a strange hunting ceremony.
	Each year the various tribes on these islands start a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year, each of the tribes of the islands offers a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year, the tribes on these islands start a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Every year all tribes on the islands start a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes on those islands each year start with a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year, each of those islands began with a weird hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year, the tribes of those islands begin an odd hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Every summer, various tribes on those islands begin with a strange hunting ceremony.
	Every year the tribes of those islands begin a odd hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	The various tribes of these islands each year start a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Every summer, the tribes of those islands begin to conduct unique hunting ceremonies.
	The tribes of these islands hold odd hunting rituals every summer at the beginning of the year.
	Each summer the tribes on these islands begin with a remarkable hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes on those islands conduct an odd hunting ritual at the dawn of the summer each year.
	Every summer, tribes on these islands have their own strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Each summer begins with an odd hunting ceremony held by the tribes on these islands.
	The tribes on these islands conduct strange hunting rituals every summer at the beginning of each year.
	On these islands there are extraordinary hunting ceremonies at the start of the summer each year.
	Every summer, tribes on these islands have their own strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribal groups on these islands are conducting odd hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer each year.
	Every summer began with a weird hunting ceremony among the tribes on the islands, which held a strange hunting ceremony early in the summer.
	Each summer begins with a strange hunting ceremony carried out by the tribes on those islands and they hold odd hunting rituals at the beginning of the summer.
	Every summer began with weird hunting rituals for tribes on those islands, which held odd hunting rituals at the beginning of the summer.
	Each summer, the tribes on the island perform strange hunting rituals and the tribes conduct strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer.
	Each summer begins with a strange hunt ceremony by the tribes on those islands, which hold an odd hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Every summer starts with weird hunting ceremonies on the islands by tribes that hold odd hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer.
	Each summer starts with a weird hunting ceremony by tribes on those islands, which hold a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	Each summer begins with odd hunting rituals carried out by the tribes on the islands, and these tribes conduct strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer.
	Each summer begins with an odd hunting ceremony performed by the tribes on those islands. These tribes carry out weird hunting rituals at the beginning of the summer.
	Each summer begins with strange hunting ceremonies performed by the tribes of the islands, which carry out strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year, tribes on these islands carry out their strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer.
	Each year the tribes of these islands perform strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer.
	Every year, the tribes on the islands carry out a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes on those islands perform strange hunting ceremonies every year at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes of these islands conduct a strange hunting ritual each year at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes on those islands carry out weird hunting rites at the beginning of the summer each year.
	Each year, tribal groups in those islands have been conducting an odd hunting ritual at the beginning of the summer.
	Every year, tribes on these islands practice strange hunting ceremonies at the beginning of the summer.
	The tribes on these islands have a strange hunting ceremony at the beginning of the summer each year.
	The tribes on these islands have a strange hunting ceremony each year at the beginning of the summer.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We have to walk down three flights of stairs just to get rid of our rubbish. What an inconvenience!
Top 100 Translations
	We've gotta climb 3 floors before we can put the trash away. That's very indiscreet!
	- We have to climb three stories to get rid of garbage. - That's so unsatisfied!
	We need three stories to get the garbage out of here. - That's not convenient!
	We'll have to climb three stories to take out the garbage. That is indistinguishable!
	It's not convenient if we climb three floors and get rid of the trash.
	We gotta climb up three floors to get rid of that garbage. That's not convenient!
	We'll have to climb up to three stories before we can throw out the garbage. This isn't convenient!
	We got to climb up three stories to throw the trash out. That's really unconscionable!
	I mean, we've got to climb up three stories to get rid of that garbage, and that's really not an easy time!
	It's just a three-storey to take out the trash. It's really no place to get rid of it!
	We had to come down three stairs to get rid of our junk, it was so unsophisticated!
	We've had to take down the next three stairs to take our trash away. How unfathomable!
	We had to take the three stairs down to take out our trash. That's so unwelcome!
	We have to take down three stairs and get rid of our trash! This is a bit of a distaste!
	We have to move down three steps to remove our trashes, it's really infuriating!
	We have to take three steps down the stairs to get rid of our junk! It's too much!
	We had to take down three stairs to get rid of our trash, it's so inconspicuous!
	- We've had to go on the three-step stairs and take out our garbage. - That's incredibly unfathomable!
	We were forced to break down three steps to remove our garbage. It's so hard to pick it up!
	We had to move the three stairs and take out our shit. It's too convenient!
	- We're gonna have to climb from the 3rd floor in order to get rid of this mess. - It's not convenient!
	It's been a real inconvenience for us to climb down these 3 floors of stairs so we can get away with the shit that's happened to us!
	We're going to climb down on a three-stair staircase to get rid of our mess. It's so embarrassing!
	We have to climb down the three floors of stairs in order to get rid of our ruins, which is unfavorable!
	It's not easy for me to have to climb down the three-stair staircase in order to get out of what's left of us!
	It is very uncomfortable that we must climb down a three-store staircase in order to get rid of what is happening to us!
	It's really untimely for us to crawl down from the 3-stairs staircase and get rid of what's left of us!
	It's a shame that we had to climb down the 3st floor to get out of our mess!
	We need to get off the three-storey stairs to get out of the mess we got, which is hard for anybody! - We're not going to get out of here.
	It's very awkward for us to climb down three floors from the ground floor in order to get out of our mess!
	To clean up the trash, we've got to step down the 3 stairs, and you have had a lot of trouble!
	In order to get rid of the garbage, we've got to come down three stairs, it's a fucking inconvenience to you!
	To clean the garbage, we're gonna have to take three stairs down there, and I don't see how easy it is for you!
	In order to clear that garbage, we have to walk down three stairs, that's what you're going to have to do!
	To clean this garbage, we have to walk down three stairwells, and it's really embarrassing for you!
	To clear the trash, we have to go down 3 stairs, and it has caused trouble for you!
	To get rid of this junk, we'll have to walk down three stairs and do you a little bit of a little stupendous!
	To get rid of the trash we're going to have to walk down the three stairs, and that would have caused you a discomfort!
	To clean the garbage we had to go down these 3 stairs, which is not convenient for you!
	We have to walk down the three stairs to clean up the garbage, that's what troubles you!
	We must take the 3 staircase flights to take out our garbage. That's untimely!
	We have to fly three stairs to remove our rubbish. That's unwelcome!
	We've got three flights down the stairs to remove all of our trash. It's so untimely!
	We're going to have to walk three flights of stairs to remove our garbage, this is unfathomable!
	We've got to make three flights on the stairs to remove our rubbish! That's not easy! What are you talking about?
	We have to take three stairwell flights to get rid of our garbage. It is so unconscionable!
	We need three flights of stairs to remove our garbage, that's so unconvicted!
	We must take 3 flights to the staircase to remove our trash! This is so unfathomable!
	We've gotta get three flights of stairs to remove our garbage, that's indiscreet!
	We have to do three flight steps to get rid of the garbage! This isn't convenient!
	It's so bad. We have to walk three floors down the stairs in order to get rid of all our garbage.
	We have to take three floors up the stairs in order to remove the garbage from the floor. How unconvicted!
	We need to walk three floors up the stairs to get rid of our junk. That's not convenient!
	And we must walk three floors down the stairs in order to clear our garbage! This isn't convenient!
	We had to go 3 floors from the stairwell to remove our garbage from it. It's indiscreet!
	I can't help but walk 3 stories through the staircase in a way that eliminates the waste we eat. It's so unconvicted!
	We have to walk up the stairs three floors to get rid of the garbage! That's so unfavorable!
	We have to walk three floors through the staircases to get rid of this garbage. That's unfathomable!
	We've got to get through the staircases three stories before we can vacate our trash. It's not convenient!
	We have to walk three floors from a stairway to remove our garbage. It's really not convenient!
	- We need to go down three stairs to get rid of the trash! - That's not convenient!
	We have to walk down 3 stairwells in order to get out of garbage. That's incompetent!
	- We have to follow three stairs to get rid of that garbage. - Oh, man, that isn't convenient!
	We must walk three stairs in order to get rid of this garbage. That is so not a good place to go!
	We have to go down three stairs to get the garbage out of our hands. It's not convenient!
	It's too much for me to take 3 stairs to get rid of the garbage!
	We've got to go along three stairs to get rid of the garbage, which is really not good for us!
	We have to walk along three stairs to get rid of garbage, it's not convenient!
	We must walk down three stairs to get rid of that garbage, it's really not convenient!
	It's not convenient to go along the three stairs to get rid of the garbage!
	We're going to have to walk through three stairs to get rid of our garbage. This is no place to go!
	And we'll just walk through three stairs and get rid of the garbage. It's not a good time!
	It's only 3 stairs to walk, get rid of our trash. It's no good!
	We'll only walk by three stairs and get rid of our waste. This isn't easy!
	We're gonna have to walk through three stairs, get out of our garbage. That's not a good time!
	We can only walk three stairs away from our garbage. This isn't convenient!
	We'll only be able to walk through three stairs, get rid of all our junk. It's not convenient!
	We had only three stairs to walk by, get rid of our rubbish. This is not convenient!
	We can only go through three stairs and get rid of the trash. This isn't easy!
	We just have to go through three stairs, get our crap off our asses. What a pain in the ass!
	You have to walk out the stairs three times to clean this shit. It's a big deal, it's too much trouble!
	I only have to take three shifts from the stairs to get rid of the trash. This is too big a problem. This is so awkward!
	It takes three shifts off the stairwell to clean the shit. Too much trouble, this is too bad!
	You have to walk 3 shifts up the stairs to take out the trash. It's a big problem, it's a bad time!
	We've got to take three steps out of the stairs to get rid of that garbage, which is too much trouble.
	We've got three classes on a stairs for garbage disposal. We're in too much trouble. It is really indistinguishable!
	It can only be three shifts on the steps for garbage disposal. It's in a lot of trouble! It's really unfathomable!
	You can only get out of 3 shifts from the staircases. It's a huge problem. This is not convenient!
	You just have to go three steps up the stairs to get the shit cleaned up. It's getting too complicated, it's not convenient!
	Only three shifts from the staircase is allowed to get the crap cleaned up. It's too big a mess, man! It's just too much trouble!
	Three floors below to deal with our garbage, it's indistinguishable!
	We're going to need a third floor to take care of the garbage. That's not gonna help! - You know what?
	We have to go down 3 floors to get out of here. It's not convenient!
	We got to come down three floors to solve our garbage, that's really unsatisfied!
	We can't get past our trash unless we have to come down three floors! I can't help it!
	We'll have to go downstairs to get rid of this garbage! It's not convenient!
	We need to walk down three floors to take care of the trash. I'll be out in a hurry if you don't want to.
	We gotta go down three floors before we can take care of our garbage. This isn't convenient!
	We gotta walk down three stairs to get rid of our junk. This isn't convenient!
	It's not convenient if we have to go down to the third floor to take care of our trash.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Sharon had broken many regulations at work and finally paid the price by losing her job.
Top 100 Translations
	Sharon breaks many workplace rules and, in the end, pays the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken the rules at many places of work and ultimately paid the price for losing his job.
	Sharon breaks many of the workplace regulations and eventually pays the price when she loses her job.
	Sharon has broken the rules in many workplaces and eventually paid for losing his job.
	Sharon broke the rules of many workplaces and ultimately paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon broke the rules of many places of work and, at the end, he paid a price for losing his job.
	Sharon broke a number of workplace rules, and eventually paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon broke a number of workplace rules and ultimately paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon broke the rules of many work places, and at the end of the day, she paid the price of losing her job.
	Sharon has broken many of the workplace rules and has eventually paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon broke so much work regulations that eventually paid the price at which he lost his job.
	Sharon broke many of his working regulations, and at the very end, lost his job and paid the price.
	Sharon broke many of the working rules and ultimately paid for the job at the price of losing it.
	Sharon broke out many of its working regulations and eventually paid the price at the expense of losing his job.
	Sharon broken many of the work regulations, and in the end, he paid a price for losing his job.
	Sharon broke many working regulations, and finally paid at the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon broke a lot of working regulations and ultimately paid the price at the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon broke so many working rules that he finally paid at the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken a lot of regulations and, in the end, paid for it at the cost of losing it.
	Sharon has broken many working rules and finally paid the price at the expense of losing his job.
	Sharon has violated numerous regulations in working and, in the end, has paid the price of unemployment.
	Sharon works in breach of many rules and, ultimately, at the expense of unemployment.
	Sharon has been working at a level that violates many rules, and has ultimately paid a price at the expense of unemployment.
	Sharon's work is in breach of many rules, and eventually he is paying for it, at the cost of unemployment.
	Sharon has violated numerous regulations at work and has ultimately paid the price at the expense of unemployment.
	Sharon works in violation of many provisions and has ultimately paid for his work at the expense of unemployment.
	Sharon has violated many provisions at the workplace and, ultimately, has paid the price of unemployment.
	Sharon has worked in violation of many rules and has eventually paid for his job at the cost of unemployment.
	Sharon is at work violating a number of provisions and, ultimately, paying the price of unemployment.
	Sharon has violated many provisions at work, and eventually paid the price at the expense of unemployment.
	Sharon broke a lot of rules of work and finally paid the price at the time of his loss of work.
	Sharon broke many of the rules of the job and finally paid the price at the cost of the loss of the job.
	Sharon broke many regulations on his work and ended up at the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken many rules of work and finally paid the price at the expense of the loss of work.
	Sharon broke the many regulations of work and came at a price for the loss of work.
	Sharon broke many regulations about work and eventually paid the price at the expense of the loss of work.
	Sharon broke many of the regulations of work and ultimately paid the price for the loss of work.
	Sharon has broken many regulations of work, and at the end of the day paid the price at the expense of the loss of work.
	Sharon broke many of the regulations of his work and ended up paying the price at the expense of losing his job.
	Sharon broke a lot of the regulations of his work and eventually paid the price for losing his job.
	Sharon violated many of the working rules and, ultimately, paid a price as a result of losing his job.
	Sharon has been in violation of a number of working rules and regulations and has eventually paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon violated many of the rules and regulations of work and ultimately paid the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon violated many of his working regulations, and eventually took the toll for the loss of his work.
	Sharon violated many of his working regulations and ultimately paid the price for losing his job.
	Sharon is violating many of the rules and regulations of work, ultimately paying a price for having lost his job.
	Sharon violates many of the rules and regulations of the work and eventually pays a price as a result of the loss of work.
	Sharon has violated many of his working regulations and ultimately paid the price for having lost his job.
	Sharon has breached many of his working regulations and eventually paid a price for losing his job.
	Sharon violated many of the regulations in that regard and eventually paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has violated many workplace codes and, finally, has paid a price for losing his job.
	Sharon has violated many workplace codes and ultimately paid the price for losing his job.
	Sharon violated many of the workplace regulations and finally paid the price for losing his job.
	Sharon has violated a great many workplace rules and, lastly, paid a price in terms of losing his job.
	Sharon has violated regulations in many places of work and has paid the price in the end for losing his job.
	Sharon violated a number of workplace codes and eventually incurred a price for losing his job.
	Sharon violated many workplace regulations, and eventually paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon violates many of the workplace regulations, and ends up paying a price for losing his job.
	Sharon had violated many workplace regulations and ended up paying the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has violated many workplace regulations and has finally paid the price for losing his job.
	Sharon violates many of the rules of work, ultimately at the expense of the loss of work.
	Sharon had violated many of his working regulations and had eventually paid the price at the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon violated many job regulations, eventually paying the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken a number of work regulations, and ultimately paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has violated many of the regulations governing work, ultimately paying the price at the expense of the loss of work.
	Sharon has violated many work regulations and, eventually, paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken a great deal of work regulations and finally paid the price at the expense of his job loss.
	Sharon violated many job regulations and, ultimately, paid the price at the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon violated many of the rules and regulations of his work and, in the end, paid the price at the price of the loss of his job.
	Sharon violated many of the working regulations and eventually paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon breaks a large number of workplace codes and, in the end, it paid the price at which he lost his job.
	Sharon has broken the rules and regulations of many workplaces at an end, paying the price of losing his job.
	Sharon breaks the rules and regulations of many workplaces and finally pays the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon broke many workplace rules and regulations and eventually paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken rules and regulations in many workplaces, which have ultimately come at the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon broke many of the workplace rules and regulations and eventually paid the costs of losing his job.
	Sharon broke rules and regulations in many places of work and ultimately at the cost of losing him/her as a function of his/her work.
	Sharon broke regulations in many places of work and eventually paid a price when he lost his job.
	Sharon broke the rules and regulations of many workplaces, eventually paying the price for losing his job.
	Sharon broke many workplace regulations and ultimately paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon worked in breaking many of the rules and eventually took the costs of losing his job.
	Sharon, in doing her work, broke many provisions and ultimately paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon's work took its toll on a number of requirements, and eventually at the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken many rules in the course of his work and eventually paid a price for losing his job.
	Sharon has been doing his job in breaking many of the regulations and at the end of the day paid for having lost his job.
	In doing his work, Sharon broken many provisions and eventually paid the price of losing his job.
	In the course of their work Sharon broke a number of provisions, ultimately at a cost of losing his job.
	During the course of his work, Sharon broken many rules and, eventually, paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken many of the rules and ultimately paid the price of losing his job as he has carried out his work.
	Sharon had broken many rules while working and had ultimately paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon broke a number of work rules, but eventually paid a price for losing his job.
	Sharon broke a number of work regulations and ended up at the expense of losing his job.
	Sharon broke a lot of the rules of work, at the end of which he was paid the cost of losing his job.
	Sharon breaks down many regulations of work and ends up paying the price for the loss of work.
	Sharon broken a lot of the rules of work and at the end took the price of losing his job.
	Sharon broke many of the working regulations, and ended up at the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken a number of rules of work, but ultimately he has paid the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken a number of work regulations and has at the end of the day borne the price of losing his job.
	Sharon has broken numerous working rules and eventually paid for losing his job.
	Sharon has broken many rules of work and finally paid the price in terms of losing his job.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You've been eliminated from the competition because we've discovered you cheated.
Top 100 Translations
	You were excluded from the race because we found out that you had cheated on him.
	You're excluded from a race because we've discovered you're cheating.
	You're out in the game because we found out that you cheated on him.
	You were excluded from the race, because we found out you're having a break-up.
	You'll be out of the race 'cause we've discovered that you've cheated on him.
	You're out of the competition because we found out about you cheating on your ass.
	You're not in the competition, 'cause we found out you cheating on him.
	- You're excluded from the competition as we found out that you cheated on him.
	You're out of this game because we found out you cheated on it.
	You're excluded from the game because we've found out you've cheated on it.
	You are removed from a competition because of the fact we found you a fraud, but it's just because we find you a fraud.
	You were taken out of the competition because we saw you cheating. It's our fault that we found out that you're being tricked.
	You were fired from the game for what we found out about being deceived, and we were blamed for finding out you were being defrauded.
	You were taken out of a game for the purpose of we found that you were being deceived, and that's why we found out you were being deluded.
	You got off the game because we found out that you lied to you, and it's our fault if we found out you were being lied to.
	You got kicked out of the game because we found you tricked. That's because we found out you were tricked.
	You're being taken out of the competition because we found out you lied to me. It's just because we find out you're being cheated.
	You got removed from the game because we saw you cheating, so it's our fault that we found out you were being cheated.
	- You're being removed from the race because we find you tricked. - We'll blame you for finding you tricked.
	You got fired from the competition because we figured you've been deceived. It's because we found you had been lied to.
	You're being knocked out of competition because we found out you cheated.
	You're being removed from competition because we find out you're cheating.
	- You're being rejected for competition as we find out that you're cheating.
	You're fired from the competition because we found out you cheated.
	You've been out of competition as we've discovered you're cheating.
	You're being removed from competition because we've discovered you're cheating.
	You're being rejected from the competition because we found out you cheated.
	You're out of competition because we found out you cheated.
	You got out of the competition because we found out you cheated.
	You're being eliminated from the competition since we found out you cheated.
	Well, you've been dropped from a game because we found out you were being lied to.
	You've already been removed from the competition because we found out you were being lied to.
	You're being removed from the competition because we've discovered you've been lied to.
	You've been delisted from the match, because we found out you're being deluded.
	You've already been taken out of a fight because we found out you'd been defrauded.
	And you've been thrown off the field, 'cause we find out you're being lied to.
	You've been expelled from the competition 'cause we know you're being lied to.
	You have been removed from the game, because we discovered that you had been conned.
	You've been taken from the game because we've found out you've been lied to.
	You've been removed from the contest because we found out that you were being lied to.
	We found out that you were tricked, that you were eliminated from competition, because we found out that you were tricked.
	We found you lied to and we removed you from this competition, because we found out that you've been lied to.
	We realized you've been deceived and we've been able to erase you since we found out that you were being lied to.
	We realized that you've been deceived and you've been dissipated from the game because we find you've been cheated.
	We found out you were cheated and we've eliminated you from competition, since we found out you were being lied to.
	We found out you were being cheated and we took you off the competition because we realized you were being lied to.
	We discovered that you were tricked out and we removed you out of the competition because we discovered that you were tricked.
	We found out that you're being lied to, and we eliminated you from the game, because we discovered that you're being defrauded.
	We find out you're being lied to and you're being eliminated from the competition because we see that you've been tricked.
	We discovered you were deceived, removed you from the competition, because we discovered you were deceived, didn't we?
	You were de-listed against the competition because we found out you cheated.
	You're being taken from the competition because we've found out you've cheated.
	You're off the game because we found out you cheated.
	You were taken off the competition because we found out you cheated.
	You were removed from the competitor because we found out you cheated.
	You were removed from your right hand because we found out that you cheated.
	You're taken out of competition. Because we found out you cheated.
	You were taken off competition, because we found out you cheated.
	You got taken out of the fight because we found out you cheated.
	You're being removed from competition because we've discovered that you cheated.
	You've been decompetitiveed from the countdown because we've found you cheated.
	You've been decoupled from the countdown because we've found you cheated.
	You've been decoupled from the countdown because we've found you cheated.
	You've been destroyed from the countdown because we've found you cheated.
	You've been destroyed from the country because we've found you cheated.
	You've been dislodged from the country because we've found you cheated.
	-You've been disloyaled from the country because we've found you cheated.
	You've been decompetitiveed from the countdown because we've found you cheated.
	And after we found out you cheated from the country you're out of competition because we've found you cheated.
	You've been destroyed from the country because we've found you cheated.
	Because of the fact that you cheated on us, you'd been kicked out of the game.
	And you've been out of a game because you're cheating on me.
	You get out of your game by finding out that you're cheating.
	You've been wiped out of the race... by discovering you've crossed the line.
	You were taken out of the race because you weren't in the game.
	Because I discovered that you cheated on me, and that you're out of this game.
	You've been knocked out of a race to realize you're having an affair.
	You're off the game because you're cheating on me.
	And you've been turned out to be cheating on me and I've gotten you kicked out of the game.
	You got rid of the fights for finding out you had an affair.
	We found out you lied, and you're being eliminated from the game because he found you cheating.
	Well, we found out that you lied, and that you were being expelled from the competition, because he discovered that you were cheating.
	We found you lying, you were out on the competition 'cause he found out you weren't cheating.
	We discovered that you lied, that you were out of competition, because he found you cheating.
	We're finding out that you're lying. You're out of competition because he found out that you're cheating.
	We found out that you lied and you're out of competition because he found out you were cheating.
	We found you lying, you've been voted out of competition because he's discovered you're cheating.
	We find you lying and you get kicked out of a contest because he found out that you're cheating.
	We found you lying. You're being lost in competition because he found you cheating.
	We found out you lied, and you're being rejected because he found out that you cheated on someone, and that you were on the wrong side of the competition.
	You've been de-listed from a contest, because we can't find out you're cheating.
	You're off the game now, because we're finding out you're cheating.
	I think you've been removed from the game since we found out that you're cheating.
	You got kicked out of that game 'cause we saw you cheated on your ass.
	You already got thrown out of the game because we found out you cheated.
	You've already been taken out of the game 'cause we see you're cheating.
	You are now removed from the game because we realize you're cheating.
	You've been expelled from the game because we figured out you were cheating.
	You've already been taken out of the race because we find out you're cheating.
	You've already been removed from the race, because we've discovered you're cheating.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even the tiniest fault in a rocket can lead to a catastrophic failure at launch.
Top 100 Translations
	Even the smallest errors in a rocket could result in disastrous failure at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest error in the rocket could cause a catastrophic breakdown at the time of launch.
	Even the slightest error in the launch could lead to catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest errors in the rocket may be catastrophic at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest mistake in the rocket could result in catastrophic defeat at the time of launch.
	Even the least error in a rocket could lead to catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest mistake in a rocket could lead to disastrous failures at the time of launch.
	Even the minimal error in a rocket could cause a catastrophic failure at the time of launch.
	Even the least wrongs in a rocket could lead to a catastrophic failure at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest error in a rocket could lead to a disastrous failure at the time of launch.
	Even the slightest error in the rockets could lead to catastrophic failure to launch.
	Even the least error in a rocket will lead to a catastrophic failure of the launch.
	Even the lowest error in a rocket would result in a catastrophic failure to launch.
	Even the smallest mistake in the rockets could lead to a catastrophic failure to launch.
	Even the smallest mistake in the rocket can lead to a disastrous failure to launch.
	Even the smallest errors in rockets can lead to a disastrous failure to launch.
	Even the smallest mistake in the rockets can result in a catastrophic failure to launch.
	Even the smallest error in the rockets can lead to a catastrophic failure to launch.
	Even the least wrong in the rocket could lead to a catastrophic failure to launch.
	Even the smallest error in a rocket can result in a catastrophic failure to launch.
	Even the slightest fault of the rocket can lead to catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the slightest faults in a rocket could lead to disastrous failures at the time of launch.
	Even the slightest fault of the rocket could have caused catastrophic failure at the time of launch.
	Even the slightest fault in a rocket could lead to a disastrous failure at the time of launch.
	Even a minor fault of the rocket could cause a catastrophic failure at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest faults in rockets could lead to catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest faults in rockets can lead to catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the slightest failure of the rockets could lead to catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the slightest fault in the rockets could lead to catastrophic defeat at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest faults of the rocket could lead to catastrophic failure at the time of launch.
	Even the least nuanced failures of the rocket can lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the smallest faults in a rocket can lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the smallest failure in a rocket can lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the smallest failure in the rocket could lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the slightest failure in rockets can result in a catastrophic launch failure.
	Even one of the smallest failures of rockets can lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even one of the slightest failures in a rocket could lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the slightest fault in the rockets can lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the slightest malfunction in a rocket can lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the smallest malfunctions in a rocket could lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the least flawed in a rocket could lead to a catastrophic launch failure.
	Even the smallest defects in the rockets may lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the smallest flaw in a rocket could lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the smallest defect in rockets may lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the smallest flaw among the rockets could lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the least defective parts of a rocket can lead to catastrophic launch failures.
	Even the smallest flaw in the rockets could have led to catastrophic failure in the launch.
	Even the smallest fault in a rocket could result in a catastrophic launch failure.
	Even the least faulty elements in a rocket could lead to a catastrophic failure at the time of the launch.
	Even the smallest imperfections in the rockets may result in disastrous launch failures.
	Even the least faults for a rocket could lead to a catastrophic failure in the launch process.
	Even the minimal fault of the rocket can lead to catastrophic break-ups during the launch process.
	Even the smallest failures of a rocket can lead to catastrophic failures in the launch process.
	Even the smallest failure of rockets would lead to catastrophic failures in the launch process.
	Even the smallest failure in the rocket can result in catastrophic failure in the launch process.
	Even the smallest malfunction of rockets could cause catastrophic failures in the launch process.
	Even the smallest malfunction of the rocket could result in a catastrophic breakdown in the launch process.
	Even the smallest failure of a rocket may result in catastrophic faults in the launch process.
	Even the smallest malfunction of the rocket could cause catastrophic breakdowns in the launch process.
	Even the minimal failure of a rocket can result in catastrophic failure in the launch process.
	Even the weakest fault of a rocket can be a catastrophic failure at the time of launch.
	Even the weakest wrongs of the rocket might cause catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the weakest fault of a rocket could cause a disastrous failure in the launch of the rocket.
	Even the weakest fault of the rocket is likely to lead to catastrophic failure when launched.
	Even the weakest faults of the rocket could have been a devastating defeat when it was launched.
	Even the weakest faults of the rockets could cause catastrophic defeat when they are launched.
	Even the most weak fault in the rocket can lead to a disastrous failure when it is launched.
	And even the weakest mistake of the rockets can lead to catastrophic failure when they are launched.
	And even one of the weakest faults on a rocket could lead to catastrophic failure when it was launched.
	Even the weakest mistake in the rocket could cause a catastrophic failure at the time it was launched.
	Even the smallest deficiencies in the rockets could lead to catastrophic defeats at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest deficiencies of rockets may lead to disastrous failures at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest shortcomings of the rockets may lead to catastrophic failures when launched.
	The smallest shortcomings in even a rocket may lead to catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest defects in the rockets may lead to catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest weaknesses in a rocket can lead to catastrophic failures when launched.
	Even the smallest flaw in rockets can result in a catastrophic failure at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest fault in the rocket could result in catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest shortcomings in a rocket could lead to catastrophic failures in the launch of a rocket.
	Even the smallest of the rockets may have the potential for catastrophic failure in the conduct of the launch.
	Even the least fault on a rocket could result in a catastrophic failure of the launch.
	Even the smallest faults on one rocket could lead to a catastrophic defeat in the launch.
	Even the smallest mistake on a single rocket could result in a disastrous defeat in the launching of the rocket.
	Even the smallest mistake of a rocket could lead to a disastrous fail in the launch.
	Even one of the slightest mistakes made on a rocket may have led to a catastrophic failure of the launch.
	Even the smallest faults of a rocket could lead to a devastating failure in the launch.
	Even the slightest mistake on one rocket could lead to a catastrophic failure of the launch.
	Even the slightest mistake in one rocket may result in a catastrophic defeat of the launch.
	Even the smallest mistake on a rocket could have led to a devastating failure of the launch.
	Even the slightest mistake of a single rocket may have resulted in a catastrophic failure to launch.
	Even the smallest faults in a rocket could lead to catastrophic malfunction at the time of launch.
	Even the minimum faults in a rocket could cause a catastrophic breakdown at the time of launch.
	Even the minimum fault of the rocket could lead to a catastrophic malfunction at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest failure of a rocket may cause a catastrophic breakdown at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest negligence among rockets can lead to catastrophic breakdowns at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest fault in a rocket may result in a catastrophic malfunction during launch.
	Even the smallest faults of a rocket may cause catastrophic breakdown at the time of launch.
	Even the smallest faults in a rocket could lead to catastrophic breakdowns in the event of a launch.
	Even the smallest lapses in a rocket may result in catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
	Even the minimum fault of the rocket could result in catastrophic failures at the time of launch.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I met a woman in town who was talking to people about homeless teenagers and asking for donations.
Top 100 Translations
	I met a woman in town who spoke to people about homeless teenagers and asked them to give donations.
	I had met a woman in the city, who told people about the homeless adolescents and asked them for donations.
	I met a woman in town, who was talking to the people about the homeless teens and asking them for donations.
	I met a girl in the town, who talked to people about homeless teenagers, and asked them for donations.
	I met a woman in town who had spoken to people of homeless youths and requested them to make donations.
	I met a woman in town when she was talking about homeless adolescents and asking them for donations.
	In the town, I met a woman who spoke to people about homeless teenagers and asked them for donations.
	I met with a woman in the city, and she told people that he was homeless, and asked them for donations.
	I met a woman in town who spoke to people about the homeless teenagers and asked them for donations.
	I met a woman in the city who was speaking to the people and asked them to provide donations to help children and young persons who had not found their way out of their homes.
	I met one woman in the city, she was talking to people about homeless teenagers, and asked them to make donations.
	There was a woman that I met in the city, who was talking to people about homeless teenagers and asking them to make donations.
	I met a woman in the city, who was talking to people about homeless teenagers, and asked them to make donations.
	I met a woman in town, she was talking about homeless teenagers, and she asked them to make donations.
	I met a woman in town, who was speaking to people about homeless teenagers and asked them to make donations.
	I met a woman in town, and she's talking to people about homeless teenagers and asking them to make donations.
	I met a woman in town who was speaking to people about homeless teenagers, and asked them to make donations.
	I've met this woman in town, she's talking to people about homeless juveniles, and she's asking them for donations.
	I met a woman in the city who was talking about homeless teenagers and asking them for donations.
	I met a girl in town, who was speaking to people of homeless teenagers, and asked them for donations.
	I met a woman in town talking to someone to talk to the homeless teenagers and to ask for donations.
	And I met a woman in town that spoke to somebody to talk to homeless teenagers and ask for donations.
	I met a lady in town with someone to speak to about homeless teenagers and to ask for donations.
	I met a woman in town who talked to someone to talk to homeless teenagers and asked for donations.
	And I met this woman who was talking to someone who talked to homeless teens and asked for donations.
	I met this woman in town who talked to a man talking to homeless teenagers and asked for donations.
	I met a woman in town who talked to somebody talking to homeless teenagers and was looking for donations.
	I met a woman in town who was talking to people talking about homeless teens, and I'm looking for donations.
	I meet a woman in town talking to people talking about homeless teenagers and looking for donations.
	I met a woman in town talking to people speaking to homeless teenagers, and I'm looking for donations.
	I met a lady in town who talked to people about street teenagers and asked for donations.
	I met this woman in town and she's talking to people about street teenagers and looking for donations.
	A woman in town, I met she was talking to people about young street kids and she'd been looking for donations.
	I've met a woman in town who's talking to people about homeless teenagers and looking for donations.
	I met this woman in town who talked to people about wandering youths and asked for donations.
	I met a woman in town who was talking to a man about homeless teenagers and looking for donations.
	I've met a woman in the city who's talking to people about stray teenagers and asking for donations.
	I met this woman in the city who talks to people about homeless teenagers and asks for donations.
	I met this girl in the city and she'd been talking to people about homeless teenagers and asking for donations.
	And I met this woman, who was in town talking to someone about a homeless teenager and asked for a donation.
	A woman I met in town talks with people about the homeless adolescents and asks for donations.
	I met this woman in the town, who spoke to people about the issue of street teenagers and asked for donations.
	I saw a woman in town who talked to people about the issue of street teenagers and asked for donations.
	I met a woman in the town, who talked about the street teenage problems and called for donations.
	I had met a woman in the town who was talking to people about street teenagers and asked for donations.
	In the town I met a woman who spoke with people about juvenile vagrancy and asked for donations.
	I met a woman here in town who talked to the people about wandering teenagers and asked for donations.
	I met this woman, who talked to people about young vagrants and asked for donations.
	I met a woman at the town, who talked with the population about the problem of vagrant juveniles and asked for donations.
	I met a girl in town who talked to people about the problem of the homeless teenagers and asked for a donation.
	I met this woman inside the city who told people that the homeless adolescent... had applied for a donation.
	I meet a woman in the town who tells people about homeless teenagers and applies for donations.
	I met a woman in the city who told people about homeless teenagers and asked for donations.
	I met a woman in the city who told people about homeless adolescents... and applied for donations.
	I've met a woman in town who told the people that there were homeless teenagers who wanted to go out to the hospital and applied for a donation.
	And I met a girl in town who told people that he was homeless for teenagers...and applied for a donation.
	I was in town meeting a woman who told people he was homeless among the teenagers... and asked for a donation.
	I met a woman here in the town, who told the people about the homeless teenager...and applied for a donation.
	I met a woman in the city and he talked to the people about the homeless youths... and applied for donations.
	I met a woman in the city... who told people about homeless teenagers... and applied for a donation.
	I meet a woman in town who's talking to people about homeless adolescent kids and is asking for donations.
	I met a woman in the city who was talking to people about homeless teenagers and asked for donations.
	I met this woman in the city, who was talking to the people about homeless teenagers, and asked for donations.
	I met a woman in the city, who is talking to people about homeless teenage boys and is asking for donations.
	I met the woman in town who was talking to the people about homeless teenage adolescents and asked for donations.
	I met a woman in the city, who was talking to people about homeless teenagers, and asked for donations.
	I met a woman in town, and she's talking to the people about homeless teens and has asked for donations.
	I met a woman in town and she's talking to people about homeless teenage teenagers, and asks for donations.
	And I met a woman in the city who was speaking with people about homeless teenagers, and asked for donations.
	I met one woman in town who is talking to people about homeless teens and asked for donations.
	I met with a woman in town who was talking to someone about homeless teens, and asked them for donations.
	I met a girl in town who was talking to people about homeless teenagers and asked if they wanted to make donations.
	I met this woman in town who was talking to people about homeless adolescents, and asked them to make donations.
	I was meeting a woman in town, who was talking to somebody about homeless teenagers and asked them to make donations.
	I got a woman here in the town... who was talking to others about homeless teenagers... and asked them to come up with donations.
	I saw a woman in the town talking to people about homeless teenagers and they asked them for donations.
	I saw a woman in the town who was talking to someone about homeless teenagers and asked them for donations.
	There was this woman I met in town who was talking about homeless teenagers and asking for donations.
	I met a woman in town who was speaking to someone about homeless teenagers and asked them to make donations.
	And I met this woman in town, who was talking to others about homeless teenagers and asking them for donations.
	And I meet a woman in town... talking to people who have a homeless teenager, asking for a donation.
	I met a woman in the town who's talking to people about homeless teenagers and asking for donations.
	I met a lady in town who talks to people about homeless teenagers asking for donations.
	I met a woman in town who was talking to a homeless teenager and asked for a donation.
	I met a lady in town talking to people about homeless teenagers asking for donations.
	And I met a girl in town that was talking to people who were homeless and adolescents asking for donations.
	I met a woman in the town talking to somebody about homeless teenagers asking for donations.
	I met a lady in town talking to people about homeless teenagers who were asking for donations.
	I met a woman in town who was talking to a homeless teenage boy asking for a donation.
	A lady in town I met was talking to homeless teenagers asking for donations.
	I met a city woman, who spoke with people about homeless teenagers and asked for donations.
	I met a woman from a city where she talked to people about homeless teenagers and asked for donations.
	I met a woman in town, who talked to the people about homeless teens and asked for donations.
	I met a woman in the city, who talked to people about homeless teenagers and asked for donations.
	I've met a woman in a town, and she's talking to people about homeless teenagers and asking for donations.
	I met a woman in town, who talks to the people about homeless teenagers and asks for donations.
	I met a woman from a city that spoke to people about homeless teenagers, and called for donations.
	I met this woman from town, she talked about homeless teenagers and asked for donations.
	I met a woman from the city, who talked to people about homeless youths and asked for donations.
	I met a woman from the city, and she talks to the people about homeless teens and asks for donations.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: There's a very unusual setting for this movie: a prison for badly behaved dogs!
Top 100 Translations
	The movie has a rather unusual picture... of the prison built for a debauchery dog!
	The film had a very unusual view of the prison that had been built for a depraved dog!
	There's an extraordinary sight of this movie, the prison for a dog who's misbehaved!
	The films had a very unusual picture of the prison built for the misbehaved dog!
	There is a very unusual picture of this film - a prison built for behaved like an inhospitable dog!
	This film has an extraordinary sight: the prison for the dog of debauchery!
	There's an extraordinary picture of this film... of a prison built for an unbecoming dog!
	There is a very unusual image in the movie of a prison for a depravity dog!
	This film has an extraordinary vision of the prison that is built for debauchery dogs!
	This film has a very unusual view of the prison built for depraved dogs!
	This movie is in a very unusual location: a prison jail where dogs get imprisoned because they're misbehaving!
	This film has a very unusual location: a prison in prison for dog misdeeds!
	This film has an unusual location: a jail where a dog is jailed for his deviant behavior!
	There's a strange place for this movie: a prison prison that's been jailed for bad dog behavior!
	This movie has a particularly unusual place: a prison that is imprisoned for unruly actions by dogs!
	The film had a rather unusual place: a prison prison where dogs were held for misdeeds!
	A very unusual location of the film is a prison in which dogs are being held in prison for their misbehaves!
	There's a really unusual place in the film: a prison where dogs are imprisoned for their misdeeds!
	There's one very unusual place in this movie where a cell is jailed for the dog's bad behavior!
	A very unusual place for the film is: a jail jail for dog misconduct!
	There is something very extraordinary about this scene where the dog keeper in this prison has behaved badly!
	There is a very unusual scene in the film and the dog-man in this prison behaves badly!
	There's a very unusual scene in the movie, and this prison dog-house thing is a hell of a thing!
	There's a really unusual scene out there. Dogs in the prison. They have behaved badly!
	There was a very unusual scene in the movie, and the dog breeds in this prison, that's a hell of a thing, isn't it?
	There's this really unusual scene in the film, and the dog-breathers in prison are doing a bad job!
	There's a very unusual picture of a dog that lives in this prison that's in a bad way!
	There's an unusual scene in this film, and it's the dog-bearers in this prison... who are misbelievably behaved!
	There was a very unusual scene in the film... that was a terrible way for a dog-breeder in this prison!
	The film had a very unusual scene, and the dog-man in prison was very bad behavior!
	The scene of this movie was an unusual occasion: prison for an unbecoming dog!
	The environment in which this movie is happening is very unusual: prisons for bad-doing dogs!
	This is an unusual environment in which a dog who is not a good behavior is held in prison!
	The context in which this movie took place is quite unusual: a prison for ungodly dogs!
	It's a very unusual situation: prison for a dog who acts unbelievably!
	The environment of the film was very unusual: jail for bad-doing dogs!
	The scene of this film is quite unusual - a prison for a dog who's behaved badly!
	This film is a very unusual environment - a prison for dogs who behave ill-behaved!
	The environment in this film was extraordinary: the jails of unbelievably behaved dogs!
	The environment in this film is quite unusual: prison of bad-doing dogs!
	The movie has a really unusual place: a jail where a dirty dog behaves in a bad way!
	The movie has a very unusual scene: a prison that is unsettling with a scavenging dog!
	This film contains a very remarkable place for a prison that behaves badly on stench dogs!
	There was a really special place for this movie: a prison that had misbehaved at dog-fucking-dogs!
	There's a very unusual place for this movie: a prison that's not good enough to a stinking dog!
	The movie has a very remarkable point: a prison that behaves poorly against a stinking dog!
	There's this very unusual place to see: a prison with bad behavior on a stench dog!
	A very special part of this film: a prison of bad behavior against the stench of dogs!
	This movie is a very special place to be: an undesired prison for a stinking dog!
	This movie has a unique place: an unbelievably ill-becoming prison for stinking dogs!
	There was an unusual occasion in this film: A prison for a bad-looking dog!
	There is an unusual occasion for this film: the prison of a dog who does not perform well!
	There's a really unusual occasion for this film: the jailing of an undefeated dog!
	This film has an unusual occasion: An unbecoming prison for dogs!
	This film has an unusual occasion: a prison for ill-defended dogs!
	A very unusual occasion in this movie is a jail for dogs who are no good at it!
	And there was a very unusual occasion for this movie... a prison of ill-demeaning dogs!
	A particularly unusual occasion for this film is the prison for an unbelievably good-natured dog!
	There is a very unusual occasion in this film: a prison for an ill-defended dog!
	This film has a really unusual occasion, the prison for a dog who doesn't perform well!
	There was an unusual environment to this movie: a dog-climbing prison!
	There is an abnormal environment in this film: a low-performing dog prison!
	There's an unusual environment for this movie: An undefeated prison of dogs!
	This movie's an out-of-the-box environment: A bad-behind dog prison!
	There's an abnormal environment in which this film: a dog jail with bad performances!
	There was an extraordinary situation in this film, a poor dog-cooking prison!
	There's an unusual way this film has an abnormal environment: an unbecoming dog-deprived prison!
	This movie has an unusual context: a dog prison with a bad track record!
	This film has a unusual environment in which a dog prison does not perform well!
	This movie had an unusual environment... a dog prison that didn't do a good job!
	The layout of the movie is very unusual: the prison for a misbehaved dog!
	It's an unusual layout: an unholy prison for the bad-doing dog!
	And that film is really something else: a prison for depraved dogs!
	This movie is very unusual in layout: a jail for depraved dogs!
	This movie is a very unusual layout of a prison for evil-doing dogs!
	The layout of this movie, a prison for a dog who behaves badly, is very unusual!
	This is an unusual arrangement: A prison for misbehaved dogs!
	It's an unusual setup of the movie, a prison for a misbehaved dog!
	The setup of this film was extraordinary: an ungodly jail for a dog who is ill-behaved!
	The layout of this film is unusual: a prison for ungodly dogs!
	The movie's got a strange place... a prison for dog misconduct!
	There's an unusual part of this film, a prison where dogs are misbehaving!
	This movie's got a pretty unusual spot for a prison where dogs behave unchallenged!
	There's a really unusual part of the movie. The prison in which the dog's misbehaved!
	There is an unusual place in this film... a prison for dog misconduct!
	A place where this film is very unusual. It's a prison for the misdemeanor of dogs!
	The movie's got a really unusual spot, a prison for dog misconduct!
	This movie has an unusual place... a prison where dogs are misbehaved!
	This movie has a very unusual location, a prison for dog misconduct!
	This movie's got one very unusual spot, a jail for dogs misbehaved!
	One unusual scene of this movie is the prison of a bad-go-go-go-o-go-go-go-i-go dog!
	A very unusual sight in this film: A prison for bad-behaved wild dogs!
	There's one particularly unusual scene with the film: a prison for a dog with bad behavior!
	This movie has a really unusual scene: a prison for misbehaved wild dogs!
	This movie has an unusual occasion: the prison for unbehaved wild dogs!
	This movie has an extraordinary scene: the prison of an unbecoming wild dog!
	There was a pretty unusual scene in this film: prison for an ungodly wild dog!
	This film has an unusual sight of a prison for bad-doing wild-dogs!
	In the film, there's something really unusual going on: the prison of a dog who behaves badly!
	There's an unusual scene to the film: a prison for the misbehavior wild dog!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Though we always turn right here, I often wonder what's down the other road.
Top 100 Translations
	We were always looking to the right, but I've often wondered what was underneath the other road.
	Well, we always go right, but I always wondered what's going on in the other side of the road.
	Well, we always turn right but I'm always curious to know what the other way down is.
	We're always right in that direction, but all I've ever wanted to do is find what's underneath that other road.
	We always go to the right, but I keep wondering what's under the other road.
	We've always turned right but I've often been wondering what it was down the other way.
	We always take the right turn, but I always wonder what is going down the other side of the road.
	And we always turn right, but I always wondered what's under the other side of the road.
	We're always going to go right, but I'm always wondering what's under the other road.
	We're always going right, but I've often wondered what it is down the other way.
	And while we're always moving around here, I've frequently wondered what other way it's coming to.
	Though we keep turning round here, I often wonder which way the other road leads.
	Although we've always looked around here, I wonder what other road leads to.
	Although we'll always be around from here I often wonder which path the other road leads to.
	Though we used to turn around here all the time, it was very curious, exactly what other road might lead to.
	I always wondered what other way was going, though we've been on our turn from here.
	Although we always turn around from here, I always wondered which of the other ways it was that led to.
	While we always turned around from here, I was always wondering where the other way was going.
	Though we're always going to turn around here, I've been wonderin' what road the other path leads to.
	I always wonder which other way is going, though it's always out here from where we're going.
	And even though we were all turning here, I always wondered how the other path was going to go.
	I always wonder how the other road will go even if we're all going to turn around here.
	Although we're all here on the right side of the way, I always want to know how we're going along the other way.
	And even though we're both going to turn around here, I always wondered what was going on to be the other way.
	Although we're all here turning around... I'm always wondering what other way it's gonna be.
	Although we're all around here, I always want to know the other way out, exactly what I'm going to do.
	Although this is the place we've all gone, I have always wondered where the other road would go.
	Although we're all on this turn here, I always wonder how the other one is going to go.
	Even if we're both here making a turn, I always wonder what the other road's gonna be.
	And even though we're all here turning, I have always wondered how we'll get on the other side of the road.
	Although we always turn around here, I often ask what the other way would be.
	Though we're always walking around this place, I always ask what the alternative road is going to be.
	Although we always turn around, I always ask what a different path would be.
	Even if we were always here to turn around, I would always ask what might be the other way.
	Although we'd always turn around here, I would always ask what the other way would be.
	While we always turned around here, I always ask what the other way would be.
	While we've always turned around here, I ask often what it is that the other way will be.
	Although we always turn here, I ask often what the other road might be.
	And while we turn around around all the time, I often ask what would be the other way.
	While we're always going around here I often ask what it is that's the other way.
	While we're always turning around here, I'm often wondering what's in the other way after, in the other way.
	Though we always turn here, I have often wondered what's in the other way after, in the other way.
	And although we always make turns here, I've often wondered what on the other road there's after, in the other way.
	Although we're always going around here, I often wonder what's in the other way after, on the other way.
	Though we always turn around here, and I often wonder if there's something in a different way after, in another way.
	Though we keep turning here and I've often wondered what is in the other route after another, in the other way.
	Although we were always turning around here, I often wondered what the other way was after, the other way.
	Although we always turn around here, I often wonder what is on the other way after that and on the other way.
	Although we've all been turning around here, I always wondered what is in another way after, in another way.
	Even though we always turn around here I often wonder what the other way is after, the other way.
	How we always turns right here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	Why we always turns right here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	Why we always turns right down here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	Well, why we always turns right here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	Why we always turns right down here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	Why we always turns right here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	Why we always turns right here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	How we always turns right here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	Why we always turns right down here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	Why we always turns right here, I always wonder what's down the other road.
	As much as we've been turning around, I'm so curious as to what's happening on the other side of the road.
	And while we're always around here... I often wonder what else was on the other side of the road.
	Although we've always turned around here I've been wondering what's going on on the other side of the road.
	While we're going through this all the time I've been wondering what the hell was going on down the other road.
	Although I've been turning around since, I've been curious what's going on in the other way.
	Although we've been turning around, I've been wondering what else was going on on the other side of the road.
	And though we keep turning around in here, I often wonder what it is that is in the other way.
	I mean, even though we used to turn around here, I've been wondering what the hell is going on in the other side of the road.
	Even though we were around here all the time I often wondered about what else was going on in the other way.
	Although we've been turning around around, I've been wondering where the other way is.
	Though we're always around here, I've always been wondering what it's gonna be on the other side of the road.
	Although we're always here, I don't know what we'll do on the other side of the road.
	I mean, I don't know what else I'm going to do on my other path, but I think we're gonna turn around around here a lot, you know?
	Although we've always turned around here, I always doubt what's going to happen on another road.
	And while we're always turning around here, there is always doubt as to what it would be on the other side of the road.
	And while we often turn around here, I'm often suspicious about what might be going on on the other side of the road.
	We turn around a lot of times, but I wonder what it would be like to be on another road.
	We turn around a lot, but I always doubt what it could be on the other side of the road.
	And as much as we've been turning around, I always wonder what will happen on the other side of the road.
	We've been looking here a lot, but I'm always doubting what's going on here on the other side of the road.
	Well, even if we're always here and we go around it, I'm always wonderin' what's in the side of the other road.
	And we're always going to go this way, but I'm always surprised to hear anything on the edge of the other road.
	And although we go around here every time I go around, it's just kind of funny how it's going to look to be in the other side of the road.
	Although we are always on this turn, I sometimes wonder if there's a good scene along the other side of the road.
	Although we've always turned here, I've always wondered what's good around the corner of the other road.
	Although we're always here around, I always wonder what's going on here along the other side of the road.
	While we go around here every time, I'm used to wonder what's on the other side of the road.
	I mean, you know, we've always been around this corner and I'm used to wonder what's up on the other side of the road.
	Although we were always here on our turn, I was always wondering what's the good side of the other road.
	Although we always spin here, I often wonder what's on the other side of the road.
	Though we used to turn over here, I often wonder what we can do for a road that's a different way, a road that's one where we can get along.
	Although we're always looking over here I often wonder what the other way is... and how it can't be the next way.
	Although we always turn our backs here, I always want to know how it's all about the other way, and how we're going to be able to go down the other way.
	Though we always turn around, I keep wondering, how is it going to happen on the other way or the other way?
	Even though we used to turn around here and I often wonder how the other road is going to go through the other way.
	While we've always turn around and come here, I often wonder how the other road can be travelled and the other way can be taken.
	And while we always turn around here, I always wonder about the other way, the way we're gonna know, the other way.
	Although, you know, we've turned around all the time, I often wonder how the other roads will get to know each other.
	Though we always turn around here, I often wonder if the other way is the road, how can it be the way it is?
	While we turn around, I often wonder how the other road can get there and the other way around.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Two ferries collided today in the main harbour, but there were no injuries.
Top 100 Translations
	Today, two ferry crashes occurred in the main seaport, but no one was injured.
	There was a collision of two ferry ships today at the greater seaport, but none of the people were injured.
	Today there was a collision of two ferries in the Great Harbour, but there were no injuries.
	Two ferry crashes have occurred today in the main seaports, and none of the people have been injured.
	Today there was a collision with two ferry boats at the marina, but no one was injured.
	Today two ferry collisions took place at the Grand Harbour, but none of the people were injured.
	Two ferry crashes in the Great Seaport have taken place today, but there has been no injuries.
	Two ferry crashes in the main seaport today, however, did not lead to any injuries.
	Today, two ferry wrecks clashed in the Great Harbor, but no persons were injured.
	Today, there were two ferry collisions at the main seaport, but none of the people were injured.
	Today, two ferry boats crashed in the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry ships crashed in the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferries ran into each other in the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferries colluded at the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferries crashed into each other at the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry boats crashed into one another in the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today two ferries were in a collision at the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry ships crashed at the port of main, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry boats collid at the main port and there was no injuries to any of them.
	Today two ferry boats collided at the main port, but no one was injured.
	There was a firefight today between two ferry boats in the main harbour, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry ships are engaged in an exchange of fire in the main port, but none of the personnel were injured.
	The two ferry boats had exchanges of fire today at the main port, but none of their personnel had been injured.
	Today there was an exchange of fire between two ferries in the major harbour, but no one was injured.
	Today the two ferrymen had exchanged fire at the main ports but none of the persons involved had been injured.
	Today there were exchanges of fire between two ferry ships at the main port, but none of them sustained injuries.
	Today there was an exchange of fire between the two ferries at the major port but none of the people were injured.
	Today, there was an exchange of fire between the two ferry boats in the main port, without any injuries to any of the personnel.
	Today, there were exchanges of fire between the two ferries at the main port, but no injuries were sustained.
	Two ferry boats had an exchange of fire at the main port today, but none of the personnel had been injured.
	Today, there were two ferry ships in the main seaports that had exchanged fire, but there were no injuries.
	Today there was two cross-ships in the main seaport that were fired upon, but they were not injured.
	Today, two ferry boats were fired upon in the main seaport, but there were no injuries.
	Today, two ferry ships were fired at the main seaport, but they were not injured.
	Two ferry boats had been caught in the fire today in the main seaport, but no injuries had been sustained.
	Today two ferries at the main port have been fired on but no injuries have been sustained.
	Today two ferries are fired on at the main seaport, but there have been no injuries.
	Two ferry ferries have been opened today in the main seaport but no injuries have been sustained.
	Two ferry boats were fired on at the main seaport today, but no injuries were sustained.
	Two ferries were fired at the main seaport today, but there were no injuries.
	Today, two ferry ships crashed in main port, but none of them were injured.
	Today, two ferry cruises crashed into the main harbour, but none of them were injured.
	Two ferries have been crashed into the main harbour today, but no one has been injured.
	Today, two ferry ships crashed in the main harbour, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry boats crashed into the main harbour today, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry ships were crashed into the main harbour today, but no one was injured.
	Today, there were two ferry landings at the main harbour, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry ships ran into the main port today, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry buses hit the main port but no one was injured.
	Today, there were two ferries crashed on the main port but no injuries were sustained.
	Today, two ferry planes crashed into the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today two ferry ships crashed in the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today two ferry vessels have crashed in the main ports, but no one has been injured.
	Today, there were two ferries colliding in the major harbours but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry ships collided in major ports, but no one was injured.
	Today, there are two ferry ships collided at the main port, and no one was injured.
	Today, two ferries crashed into the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferries crashed at the main port, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry crossings crashed in the main port today, but no one was injured.
	Today, two boats crashed in the main harbour but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferries were colliding in two of the two main ports, but there were no injuries.
	Today, two ferry ships are colliding from two of the two major ports but no injuries have been sustained.
	Today two ferry ships crashed in two major ports, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferryships collided with two of the two major ports, but none of their personnel were injured.
	Today, two ferry boats collided in the two main ports, and none of the people were injured.
	Today, two of the two major ports collided but there were no injuries.
	Today, the two two main ports clashed, but no injuries were sustained.
	Today, two boats collided between the two main ports, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferryes collapsed in two major ports, but no injuries were sustained.
	Today, two ferry boats collided between the two main ports, but no personnel were injured.
	Today, two ferries clashed in major seaports, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry collisions took place today at the main seaport, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry collisions took place today at the main seaport, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry crashes were carried out in the main seaport, but no one was injured.
	Today two ferry collisions took place in major seaports, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferries crashed at the main harbour, but no one was injured.
	Two ferries crashed today at the main seaport, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferries clashed in the main seaport, but no one was injured.
	Today there was two ferries in the main seaport, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry collisions took place in the main port, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry boats clashed in the main port today, but no one was injured.
	Today there was a collision in the main ports between two ferry vessels, but no one was injured.
	Today two ferrywrecks broke up in the main harbour, but no one was injured.
	Today, two boats crashed together in the main ports, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry collisions occurred in major ports today, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry boats crashed in major ports, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry crashes took place today in the main port, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry ships collided at the main port and no one was injured.
	Two ferry crossings crashed into each other today at the main port, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry ships clashed in the major port today but no one was injured.
	Today there was a collision of two ferries at the main harbour, but there were no injuries.
	Today, two ferry strikes have taken place in the major seaport, but no one has been injured.
	Two ferry collisions at the main seaport have occurred today but no injuries have been sustained.
	Today, two ferry cruises collided at the main seaport, but no one was injured.
	Today, two ferry collisions in the main seaport took place; no one was injured.
	Today there have been two collisions between the ferry ships at major seaports, but none of the people have been injured.
	Two ferry crashes have occurred today in the main seaport but no one has been injured.
	Today there was a crash in two ferry boats at the main seaport; however, no injuries were sustained.
	Today, two ferrywrecks crashed in the main seaport, but no one was injured.
	Two ferry collisions were held today at the main seaport and no one was injured.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The red squirrel, once common throughout Britain, is now restricted to the north.
Top 100 Translations
	The red squirrel, once common throughout England, has now been confined only to the north.
	The red squirrels were once common throughout the country and are only now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels, once common throughout the United Kingdom, are restricted only to the north.
	Red squirrels, which once were common throughout England, were now confined only to the north.
	The Red Squirrel, which once was a common practice across the UK, is only now confined to the North.
	Red squirrels, once common throughout Britain, are currently confined only to the north.
	red squirrels, once common practice throughout the United Kingdom, are now confined to the northern part of the country.
	The red squirrel, once common in England, is only now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels, once common throughout the United Kingdom, are now limited to the north.
	Red squirrels, once common throughout Britain, are now confined only to the north.
	The red squirrel was once common across the British continent, only in the north. The red squirrels are confined to the north.
	Red squirrels were once common on the entire continent of England, now confined only to the north and the red squirrels are limited to the north.
	Red squirrels were once common across the UK continent, and are now limited only to the north, and red squirrels are confined to the north.
	Red squirrels were once common on the British continent, now confined only to the north; red squirrels are confined to the north.
	Red squirrels used to be common on the whole British continent, now only in the north; red squirrels are confined to the north.
	The red squirrels were once common throughout the British continent and they are confined only to the north, and they're confined to the north.
	They used to be common on all continents in England, and they are restricted only to the North: the Red Squirrels are limited to the North.
	The red squirrels were once common throughout the British continent, and now are confined to the north only, and the red squirrels are confined to the north.
	Red squirrels used to be common across England, and now they're restricted to the north. They're confined to the north.
	red squirrels were once common in the UK on a whole continent, now only in the north. Red squirrels are confined to the north.
	The red squirrel, once popular all over Britain, is now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels, once popular throughout Britain, are now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels were used throughout the UK and are now confined to the north.
	The red squirrels used to be popular all over England, and they are now confined to the north.
	Red Squirrels was once popular in England, and they are now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels used to be popular all over the UK, and now are confined to the north.
	The red squirrel, once popular throughout Britain, is now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels, once prevalent all over Britain, are now confined to the north.
	The Red Squirrel had been used all over the United Kingdom. It is now confined to the north.
	The red squirrel was in place in all parts of Britain, and is now confined to the north.
	This red squirrel was once common across the UK, and now it's confined to the north.
	The red Squirrel once was common throughout England, and now it is confined to the north.
	This red squirrel was once quite common all over Britain, and it's now confined to the north.
	This red squirrel was common all over England, and it's now confined to the north.
	This Red squirrel was once a common practice in all the parts of Great Britain, and now it's confined to the north.
	This red squirrel has once been common everywhere in the UK and is now confined to the northern part of the country.
	This red squirrel was once common throughout the United Kingdom, and it is now confined to the north.
	The red squirrel used to be common across the UK, but now it is confined to the north.
	This red squirrel once was common everywhere in the UK and now it's confined to the north.
	This red squirrel used to be very common throughout Britain, and is now being held in the northern part of the country.
	The red squirrels have once been common in all the parts of the UK and now remain confined to the north.
	The Red Squirrel is once quite common across the U.K. and is now confined to the north.
	Once common in Britain, the red squirrels are now confined to the north.
	For a while, the red squirrels were very common throughout the UK and now are confined to the north.
	The red squirrels are once common in England, and they are now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels are once common all over England, now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels were once common everywhere in Britain, but they are now confined to the north.
	The red squirrels were once common everywhere in the United Kingdom and are now confined to the northern part of the country.
	Red squirrels were once quite common throughout the UK, and now are confined to the north.
	Red squirrels were used in all parts of the UK, which is now confined to the north.
	red squirrels are once common in all parts of the U.K., but they're now only used by northern countries, and they used to be most common in the U.K. where they now only are used in the northern part of the country.
	Red squirrels used to be very common across the UK, but now they are restricted to the north, where red squirrels were once very common, are now used only in the north.
	Red squirrels have been common throughout England but are now used only in the North, and red squirrels, which used to be common in the United Kingdom, now use only in the North.
	Red Squirrels used to be common throughout England, but now they're only available to Northern countries, and then Red Squirrels are now only used in the northern parts of the country, which used to be very common in Britain.
	The red squirrels were common in all parts of England, but now they're limited to the North, and the red squirrels, which were quite common in the United Kingdom, are now restricted to the North.
	The red squirrels used to be common all over Britain, but they are only for the northern states, which used to be very common within the United Kingdom now are only for the northern regions.
	Red squirrels have been common all over the United Kingdom, but they are now used only in Northern countries, and in Great Britain, where they were very common, the red squirrels are currently used only in the North.
	It has been very common for red squirrels all over the UK, but it has only been restricted for northern states, and it is now very common in the UK, and it's only for northern areas.
	The Red Squirrels are very common in the U.K., but now they're limited to the northern countries, and the red squirrels, which are quite common in the U.K., today are used only in the northern regions.
	Red squirrels used to be common around the UK, but only in Northern countries, and red squirrels used in Great Britain, are now only used in the North.
	The red squirrels were once common sense in Britain but are only present in the north.
	Red squirrels were once a common common sense in England, but they exist only in the north.
	The red squirrels were once common sense in England but now exist only in the north.
	Red squirrels are the common sense of the United Kingdom yet only exist in the North.
	Red squirrels were the common English common sense, but now they exist only in the north.
	The Red squirrels were once common sense in England but they are now only present in the North.
	The red squirrel was once a common sense of the United Kingdom but is now only present in the North.
	Red squirrels were once British common sense but now exist only in the North.
	The red squirrels were once common sense in Britain, but are now only in the north.
	The red squirrel was the common sense of England at one time and now exists only in the north.
	The red squirrel was used to it all across England and is now confined to the north.
	The Red Squirrel once was a common practice across England and has now been confined to the north.
	This red squirrel has been used to it in all parts of Britain, yet it is now confined to the north.
	This red squirrel was once common in Britain, but has now been confined to the north.
	This Red squirrel was used to it all over the UK, but now he's confined to the north.
	This red squirrel once had been found in all of England and is now bound to the north.
	The mouse was once common in all of the United Kingdom and is now confined to the north.
	This red squirrel is once common throughout the U.K. And now is confined to the north.
	The red squirrel is one of the most popular in England and now is confined to the north.
	It was once common in England, and now it's out in the north.
	The red squirrel used to be common all over the UK, but they're now restricted to the north.
	The red squirrels used to be common throughout Britain, but they are now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels were used throughout England, and are now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels once were common in all of England and have now been confined to the north.
	The red squirrels were once common throughout the U.K., and are now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels used to be common throughout England. They're currently confined to the north.
	The red squirrels used to be common throughout the United Kingdom. They have now been confined to the north.
	Red squirrels used to be common throughout England. Now it's restricted to the north.
	Red squirrels used to be common all over the UK and are now confined to the north.
	Red squirrels used to be common throughout the United Kingdom and are now confined to the north.
	This red squirrel used to be a common feature all over the UK and it is currently limited to the North.
	This red squirrel was once a common feature of all of England, and it's now only in the north.
	The red squirrel is once common anywhere in Britain, and it is limited to the North at the present time.
	This red squirrel used to be common anywhere in England, now it's limited to the north.
	This red squirrel was common throughout the UK, now it's only in the north.
	The red squirrel was once common in all of England, now it's only in the north.
	The red squirrel was used to be common everywhere in England, and now it is only in the north.
	This red squirrel was used to be a common feature across the United Kingdom, and currently it's only in the north.
	And that red squirrel used to be common throughout England, and it's now only in the north.
	This Red Squirrel was once a common feature throughout England, and now it's only in the north.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to locate hidden drugs.
Top 100 Translations
	Specially trained dogs are used to identify hidden drugs in many countries.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	Specialized and trained dogs are used to identify hidden medicines in many countries.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used for the search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specialized trained dogs are being used to look for concealed drugs.
	In many countries, specially-trained dogs have been used to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to locate hidden drugs.
	In a number of countries, specially trained dogs are used for the purpose of locating hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specifically trained dogs were used to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs were used to search for hidden drugs.
	Many States use specially trained dogs to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specialized trained dogs are being used to locate hidden drugs.
	Many countries use specially trained dogs to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specializedly trained dogs are used for the purpose of searching for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs were used for the detection of hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs were used in search of hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	Many countries have used specially trained dogs to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specializedly trained dogs are used to look for hidden drugs.
	In many States, specialized trained dogs are used to locate drug caches.
	In many countries, highly trained dogs are used to look for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are being used to find illicit drugs in their possession.
	In many countries specialized trained dogs were used to look for caches of drugs.
	Specializedly trained dogs are used in many countries to look for the drugs that are in the possession of them.
	In many countries, highly trained dogs are used in the search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specialized trained dogs are used to search for drugs that are in the possession of them.
	In many countries specialized trained dogs have been used to seek the drugs that are still in the possession of them.
	In many countries, specially-trained dogs are used in the search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specialized and trained dogs have been used to search for hidden drugs.
	Specially trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs in many countries.
	In many States, specialized trained dogs are used for the purpose of searching for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specialized trained dogs have been used to search for hidden drugs.
	In many States, specially trained dogs have been used to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	Specially trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs in many countries.
	In many countries, specially-trained dogs are used to look for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs have been used for the purpose of searching for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	Many countries use specifically trained dogs to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	Many countries use specially trained dogs to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specialized trained dogs are used to locate hidden drugs.
	Specialized and trained dogs have been used in many countries in searching for hidden drugs.
	In many States, trained dogs are used for the detection of hidden drugs.
	Many countries used specially trained dogs to locate hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are being used to search for hidden drugs.
	In a number of countries, highly trained dogs are being used to search for hidden drugs.
	Specially trained dogs are used to find hidden drugs in many countries.
	Many countries have used specially trained dogs in searching for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, trained dogs are used to locate hidden drugs.
	In many countries, trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	A large number of countries have used specially trained dogs to search for hidden drugs.
	Specializedly trained dogs were used in many countries to find hidden drugs.
	Many countries use specially trained dogs for the purpose of searching for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used for the detection of hidden drugs.
	Many countries have been using specially trained dogs in order to search for hidden drugs.
	Many countries use specially trained dogs for the purpose of searching for hidden drugs.
	Many States use specially trained dogs for the detection of hidden drugs.
	Many States use specially trained dogs in order to find covert drugs.
	Many countries have adopted specifically trained dogs for the search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs are used for the search for hidden drugs.
	Many countries had used specialized trained dogs to look for covert drugs.
	Specially trained dogs are used in many countries to search for covert drugs.
	A number of countries have adopted specialized trained dogs to find covert drugs.
	In many countries, highly trained dogs are used for the search for hidden drugs.
	Specialized trained dogs are used to find hidden drugs in many countries.
	Many countries are employing specially trained dogs to look for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, highly trained dogs were used to look for covert drugs.
	Many countries use professionally trained dogs in the search for hidden drugs.
	Many countries have used professionally trained dogs in search of hidden drugs.
	Many countries use highly trained dogs in search of hidden drugs.
	Many countries have used professionally trained dogs to search for hidden drugs.
	In a large number of countries, specialized dogs are used in search of hidden drugs.
	Many States use professionally trained dogs in search of hidden drugs.
	Many countries use professionally trained dogs for the purpose of looking for hidden drugs.
	Many countries have used professionally trained dogs in search of hidden drugs.
	Professionally trained dogs to search for hidden drugs were used in many countries.
	In many countries, professionally trained dogs have been used in search of hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specifically trained dogs are used to search for hidden drugs.
	In many States, highly trained dogs were used in search of hidden drugs.
	A number of countries use specialized trained dogs to search for hidden drugs.
	Many States used specially trained dogs for the purpose of searching for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specifically trained dogs are being used to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, dogs with specialized training were used in the search for hidden drugs.
	Many countries use specially trained dogs in search of hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs were being used in search of hidden drugs.
	In many States, specially trained dogs were used in search of hidden drugs.
	Many countries use specialized trained dogs to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specialized and trained dogs are found to look for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, specially trained dogs have been used to locate hidden drugs.
	In many countries, there were specially trained dogs for the purpose of locating hidden drugs.
	In many countries, there are specially trained dogs for the purpose of searching for hidden drugs.
	In many countries there are specially trained dogs that can be used to find hidden drugs.
	In many countries trained dogs were used to search for hidden drugs.
	In many countries, there are specially trained dogs that are being used for the purpose of locating hidden drugs.
	In many countries there are specially trained dogs that are used to search for hidden drugs.
	Trained dogs are available to track hidden drugs in many countries.
	In a number of States, trained dogs are available for the tracing of hidden drugs.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Once you cross the border, you are subject to the laws of another country.
Top 100 Translations
	Once you cross a state of borders, you are bound by the laws of another state.
	Once crossing the border, you are subject to the law of another country.
	Once you have crossed a national border, you will be bound by the law of another country.
	In the event of border crossing, you will be subjected to the laws of another country.
	Once you cross the borders, you will be bound by the laws of another country.
	Once you are across the border, you will be bound by the law of another country.
	If you cross a national border, you will be bound by the laws of another country.
	If you cross the national border, you will be bound by the laws of another country.
	You will be subject to the law of another country once you have crossed the national borders, if you have crossed the national border, you will be subject to the law of another country.
	Once a border is crossed, you will be subject to the law of another country, or you will be subject to the laws of another country.
	When crossing a border, you must be bound by the laws of another country.
	If you have crossed national borders, you must have been bound by the law of another country.
	If you pass through the border, you must be bound by the laws of another country. You must also be bound by the laws of another country.
	Once you have crossed your territory, you are bound to be bound by the laws of another country. You are subject to the laws of another country.
	Once crossing the border you have to comply with a law of another country.
	Once you have crossed the border, you must apply the law of another country to that of another other country, so that you must be bound by the law of another country.
	Once you have crossed the border, you are subject to another country's laws. You have to comply with another country's laws.
	You are bound by the law of another state. You are bound by the law of another state.
	You must be bound by the law of another country. If you transit through your country, you must also be bound by the law of another country.
	You must be bound by another country's laws, as soon as you transit through the territory of another country.
	If you are crossing your country, your border is subject to the laws of another country.
	crossing a border is governed by another country's laws. You must be obliged to comply with the border and to comply with the laws of another country.
	If you have crossed the national border, the border is regulated under the laws of another country.
	You must have the border with the other country before entering the territory of another country, and comply with the laws of another country.
	You must check the border at the other country and comply with the laws of the other country.
	A person who exceeds the border must do so in accordance with the laws of another country.
	If you have crossed your borders, you must submit the entry procedures to another country and comply with the laws of the other country.
	You must enter the country on that border and abide by the laws of another country.
	If you cross the border, you are bound to do so in accordance with the law of another country, but you will have to comply with the law of another country.
	When crossing the border, a person who crosses the border is regulated by the laws of another country.
	If you cross, you are bound to obey the laws of another country. When you go beyond the borders, you are bound to comply with the laws of another country.
	The law of another state is observed in case of crossing the state's borders. The law of another state is subject to the law of another state in the event of crossing the state's borders.
	If you cross, you must comply with another state's law. When you cross a border, you must comply with the law of another state.
	When crossing the national borders, the laws of another State are complied with. If crossing the borders, you are bound to follow the laws of another State.
	If crossing the border, the laws of another State must be observed. The laws of the other State must be followed when crossing the border.
	If you cross the borders, you must obey the laws of another country.
	The crossing of a state is subject to the laws of another state.
	If you cross a state, you must obey the state laws. If you cross a state border, you must respect the laws of another state.
	The crossing of the border is subject to the laws of another country. If you cross it, the border is subject to the laws of another country.
	You must comply with another country's laws if you cross the border.
	After crossing the line, the law of another State must be followed. After crossing the border, you must follow the law of another State.
	You must follow the laws of another state after crossing a line, but the law of another state is the law of another state.
	If you cross the line, you must follow the law of another country.
	After crossing, it is subject to the laws of another country. After transiting it must follow the laws of another country. After crossing, the laws of the other country are subject to the laws of another country.
	After crossing, the laws of other countries must be followed. At the passing of a line, it must follow the laws of another country.
	The law of any other country is subject to another country's laws after a border crossing, after which the laws of another country are subject to the laws of another country.
	After you cross the line, you have to follow the laws of another country.
	It follows the law of another state. It follows the law of another state after border crossing. It must follow the laws of another state after crossing the line.
	After a crossing, you must follow the laws of another country. After transiting, you must comply with the laws of another country.
	If you pass, you are required to comply with the laws of another country.
	In case you cross the border, you will be subject to the law of another country.
	You are governed by another countrys laws once you have crossed the border.
	If you move beyond your borders, you will be bound by the laws of another country.
	When crossing the border, you are bound by the laws of another country.
	If you cross the border, you are bound to follow the laws of another country.
	If you cross the border, you must comply with the laws of another country.
	You must obey the laws of another country if you have crossed a border, but you must obey the laws of another country if you have crossed a border.
	If you transit the border, you are regulated by the law of another country.
	If you transit a country, you are governed by the laws of another country.
	You are governed by the law of another country once you cross the border.
	You are bound by the law of another country if you cross the border.
	Once you cross the border, you will be subject to the laws of another country.
	You must obey the laws of a different country if you cross the border. If you transit, you must be bound by the laws of another country.
	Once you have crossed a border, you are bound by the laws of another country.
	If you cross national boundaries, you are subject to the laws of another country.
	When you cross a border, you shall obey the laws of another country.
	You must comply with the law of another country. You should be bound by the laws of another country, if you cross the border.
	If you cross the border, you will have to comply with the laws of another country.
	If you cross a border, you must obey another countrys laws.
	When you cross the border, you must also follow the law of the other country. You must comply with the law of another country.
	If you are crossing the border, you are subject to punishment in accordance with the laws of another country.
	When border crossing is done, you must also comply with the legislation of another country.
	You are subject to the law of another country when crossing the border, which is not a law, but the law of another country.
	If you are in the border, you must follow the legislation of another country.
	At the border, you are required to comply with the law of another country.
	When crossing the border, you are bound to obey the laws of another country.
	If you cross the border, you will have to comply with the laws of another country.
	In the case of a border crossing, you are bound to comply with the laws of another country.
	You can also be bound to follow the law of a different country in the case of a border crossing.
	You need to follow another countrys law when crossing the border.
	The crossing of borders is governed by another states law. Next, if crossing the border, it is regulated by another states law and by another states law, which is subject to another states law.
	(c) If a border crosses, it is governed by the law of another state. Second, in the event of a border crossing, it is subject to the laws of another state and, in the case of another state, it is subject to the law of another state.
	The border is crossed only under the laws of another State. Secondly, in the case of a border crossing, it is regulated by the law of another State, and also by the law of another State and, in the case of other States, by the law of another State.
	After crossing the border, you will be subject to the law of other countries. Second, if crossing the border, you will be subject to the law of another country, and you will be subject to the law of another country, and it will be subject to the law of another country.
	Border crossings are subject to another states law. Second, in the case of a border crossing it is subject to another states law and to another states law and the law of another state it is subject to another states law.
	The law of the other country is applicable if crossing the borders. And, secondly, in the event of crossing the borders, the law of another country is governed and, if so, the law of another country is regulated by the laws of another country and the law of the other country is subject to the law of another country.
	When you cross a border, it is governed by the laws of another State. Second, if it crosses, it is governed by the law of another State, and it is governed by the law of another State, as well as by the law of another State.
	If you cross, you are governed by the law of another country. Second, in the case of border crossings, you are governed by the law of another country, and in the case of the laws of other countries, you are subject to the law of another country.
	The border is governed by the laws of another State. Next, if the border is crossed, the laws of another State are regulated by the law of that other State, and, if it is, by the laws of another State, by the law of another State.
	The crossing of the border requires that it be regulated by the law of other countries. In the second case, it requires that it should be governed by the law of other countries, and that it be regulated by the law of another country, and that it be governed by the law of another country.
	If you enter at the border outside your border, you will need to comply with the laws of another country.
	If you enter the territory outside of the borders, you are subject to the laws of another country.
	If you are in a country off your border, you must follow the laws of another country.
	If you have entered the country outside the borders, you must abide by the law of another country.
	When you are a person outside your border, you must also comply with the laws of another country.
	If you enter the country at the border, you must also obey the law of another country if you enter the country outside the border.
	If you cross the border, you must obey the laws of another country.
	If you have entered the country from across the border, you are subject to the laws of another country.
	If you are at the border at another country, you must obey the laws of another country.
	You may be bound by the laws of another country when you enter the country outside the border.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The film last year helped to revive interest in 1920s fashion and even ways of speaking.
Top 100 Translations
	Last year's film helped to revive interest in the 1920's fashion, and in even the way the speech was delivered.
	The last year's film helped to renew interest in the type of fashion and even the way the speech was delivered in the 1920s.
	Last year's film helped to renew interest in fashion and even in speech styles of the 1920s.
	The film last year helped to restore interest in the type of fashion, even the way the speeches were given, in the 1920s.
	Last year's film helped to restore interest in the way that fashion, or even speeches were delivered, became available in the 1920s.
	Last years film helped revive interest in the 1920s fashion and even the way the speech was delivered.
	Last year's film helped restore interest in fashion and even in the ways it was delivered in the 1920s.
	Last year's film helped to renew interest in fashion and even in the style of speech in the 1920s.
	Last year's film helped to restore interest in fashion in the 1920s or even the way the lectures were delivered.
	The film of the last year helped to renew the interest in the 1920s fashion  even in the way the speech was delivered.
	Last year's video was helpful in building interest in fashion and even the way the speeches were made in the 1920s.
	The film of the last year, which helped raise a sense of interest in fashion and the way people spoke in the 1920s.
	The film from last year was helping to raise interest in styles of the 1920s even in the way the speeches were delivered.
	Last year's video helped mobilize interest in fashion, and even in speech style, of the 1920's.
	Last years video, it helped raise peoples interest in fashion as well as how they spoke in the 1920s.
	Last year's videos, they helped to raise interest in fashion and even speech styles in the 1920s.
	Last year, a film helped raise interest in the style of fashion and the speech of the 1920s.
	Last year's film helped to generate interest in fashion and even in the way the speech was delivered in the 1920s.
	Last years video helped create interest in fashion in the 1920s, even in the way they spoke.
	Last years video helped to awaken people's interest in fashion and even the way the speeches were made in the 1920s.
	Last year's film triggered a renewed interest in the 1920s and, indeed, in the way the people are expressing themselves.
	The last year's film rekindled and even a rekindled interest in the language of the 1920s.
	Last year's film has prompted renewed interest in the modern ways of talking, or even in the way things were expressed, in the 1920s.
	Last year's film was used to revive interest in fashion in the 1920s, and even in the manner of speech.
	The last years videos have contributed to a renewed interest in the fashion of the 1920s and even a renewed interest in forms of expression.
	Last year's video prompted renewed and even renewed interest in the language of the 1920s.
	Last years film rekindled a new interest in fashion and even in the way people expressed themselves during the 1920s.
	Last year's film has contributed to renewed interest in contemporary ways of expression in the 1920s.
	The last years film is encouraging renewed interest, even in the way people have expressed themselves in the 1920s.
	Last years video inspired a renewed and even renewed interest in the way people spoke, even in the back of the 1920s.
	Last year's film has helped rekindle interest in the way that fashion, and even discourse, was delivered in the 1920s.
	Last year's film has helped to rekindle interest in the style and even the way that people spoke in the 1920s.
	Last year's film helped to revive interest in fashion or even language during the 1920s.
	The film of the past year helped to re-energize interest in fashion, or even the way people speak, in the 1920s.
	Last years film contributed to the reawakening of interest in fashion and even in the way people spoke during the 1920s.
	Last year's videos helped to reinvigorate the interest of people in fashion, and even the manner of speaking, of the 1920s.
	Last year's film has served to renew interest in fashion, even the way it was spoke, in the 1920s.
	Last years film helped to rekindle interest in fashion, or even the way people spoke, in the 1920s.
	Last years video has helped to renew interest in fashion, and even in the ways people spoke, in the 1920s.
	Last years film helped to revive the interest in the 1920s in fashion and, even, in the way they spoke.
	The episode last year rekindles people's interest in the twentieth century fashion or even the manner in which they spoke.
	Last year's episode, there was a renewed interest in fashion or even the way the speech took place in the 20s.
	Last year's clip rekindled the interest in the way fashion even spoke in the 20s.
	And last years session, there was a renewed interest in style of speech and fashion in the 20s.
	So, last year's episode rekindled an interest in the fashion pattern and even the way it is spoken in the 20s.
	Last year's footage revived interest in 20's style, and even in the manner in which they were speaking to each other.
	Last year's clips raised the interest of people in fashion in the 20's as well as even the manner of the speech.
	And last year's clip has been rekindling of interest in fashion and even in the way of the twentieth-century speech.
	Last years video reawakened peoples interest in fashion in the 20s, even the way people speak in the Twenties.
	Last year, the clip, rekindled people's interests in the fashion and even speech patterns of the 20s.
	Last year, the film helped to rekindle interest in fashion and even the language of speech in the 1920s.
	This film last year has helped to reinvigorate the interest in fashion and even in the way that statements were made during the 1920s.
	This film last year helped rekindle interest in fashion, even in the form of speeches, during the 1920s.
	Last year, this film helped to reinvigorate interest in fashion and, indeed, in the way the statements were delivered in the 1920s.
	Last years film helped rekindle the interest in the fashion and even presentation style of the 1920s.
	Last year's film helped to reinvigorate the interest in fashion and even the way people spoke in the 1920s.
	Last year, the film helped to reinvigorate the interest in fashion and even in the way that statements had been delivered in the 1920s.
	Last year this film helped to reinvigorate interest in fashion and even the way they spoke at the time of the 1920s.
	This film last year helped to rekindle a sense of interest on the fashion and even speaking methods of the 1920s.
	Last year, the film contributed to a reinvigorated interest in fashion, and even the way statements were made during the 1920s.
	Last year, this film contributed towards rekindling the interest in the way that fashion and even speech were delivered in the 1920s.
	Last year, the video helped to rekindle interest in fashion, or even the manner in which the speech was delivered in the 1920s.
	Last year the film helped to renew interest in fashion and even in the way speech was delivered in the 1920s.
	The film last year helped renew interest in fashion and even the format of speeches in the 1920s.
	Last year this film has helped renew interest in the way fashions, even speaking, were spoken in the 1920s.
	This film has helped rekindle interest in fashion in the 1920s and even in the manner they are presented over the past year.
	The film has helped to rekindle interest over fashion in the 1920s and, even, over the course of the presentation, in the way it was presented in the past year.
	Last year it helped to rekindle the interest in style, or even style, of speech during the 1920s.
	Last year, the film had helped to renew interest in fashion in the 1920s and even in the way the speech was delivered.
	Last year this film helped to rekindle interest in fashion in the 1920s, and even in the way that the talk was delivered.
	Last year's film helped in rekindle the interest of the 1920s in fashion, even the way they spoke.
	Last year's video helped to rekindle the interest in the 1920s, and even in the way in which they spoke.
	The last year's film has helped to renew the interest in fashion from the 1920s and has even aroused interest in means of speech.
	Last year's video helps to rekindle interest in moderns in the 1920s, even the way people talk.
	Last year's video helped to revive people's interest in fashion as it did in the 1920s and even their interest in the way they spoke.
	Last year's video helped revive the interest in the world's modern days in the 1920s and even to generate interest in ways to speak.
	And the last year's film helped rekindle an interest in modern 1920s, and even the way in which people talk.
	Last year's film helped renew interest in the 1920s' fashions and even in the way they spoke.
	Last year's video helped to restore interest in the way fashion looked in the 1920s and even generated interest in the way people spoke.
	Last years videos were instrumental in rekindling and even encouraging a new interest in ways to speak as well as in fashion in the 1920s.
	This film helped renew interest in fashion and even the way the presentations were delivered in the 20th century last year.
	Last year, the film helped generate renewed interest in the fashion style of the 1920s or even the way the speech was delivered.
	Last year this film helped rekindle interest in fashion and even in the format of speeches in the 1920s.
	Last year, the film helped in rekindle the interest in the way the 20's dress was even spoken in the 20's.
	Over the last year, it helped rekindle the interest in the Twentieth century fashion and even in the way the presentations were delivered.
	Last year, it helped rekindle the interest in style and even in the format of speeches in the 1920s.
	Last year, the film helped to rekindle interest in style and even in the manner of speeches in the 20th century.
	This film helped reinvigorate interest in the 20th century style of fashion and even in the way of speech over the past year.
	Last year, this was instrumental in rekindling interest in the style of fashion and even presentation of speeches in the 1920s.
	Last year the film helped to rekindle interest in the style of fashion and even speaking in the 1920s.
	Over the last year, the film helps to revive a renewed interest in the popularity and even expression that prevailed in the 1920s.
	Last years video helped to restore interest in the fashion of the 1920s, and even how it was expressed.
	The film has helped to revive interest in the way popular and even expressing itself in the 1920s over the past year.
	Last year, the film helped to revitalize interest in what became popular and even expressions in the 1920s.
	Last year's film helped revive interest in the 1920's fashionability and even the way in which it was expressed.
	Last years video helped to restore interest in the 1920s popularity or even in the way in which they were expressed.
	Last year's film helped restore interest in the state of the 1920s, or even the way it was expressed.
	Last year, the film helped to revive interest in the popularity and even in expression of the 1920s.
	Last year the videos helped to revive peoples interest in what became popular, and even in the way it was expressed, in the 1920s.
	Last years film helped restore interest in the way the 1920s prevailed and even its expressions were expressed.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: We have decided to discard the Premium 2000 computer security system. It's too old now.
Top 100 Translations
	And we decided to leave 2,000 shillings in our computer-security system. Now that's too old.
	We decided to throw out the 2000 schillings in computer security. And now it's too old.
	We decided to discard the 2,000 shillings computer security systems. Now it's a little too old.
	We decided to discard a 2,000 shilling computer security system. Now it's too old.
	We decided to throw away the 2,000 schillings computer security. It's so old now.
	And we've decided to throw down 2,000 shillings for computer security. It's too old.
	We've decided to abandon 2000 shillings for the computer security system. It's too old now.
	We decided to discard the 2000 shillings of computer security. It's too old now.
	We decided to drop 2,000 shillings for a computer security system. Now it's too old.
	We decided to discard the 2,000 shillings of computer security. It's already too old.
	We decided to drop 2,000 Premium's computer security, it's too old.
	Now we've decided to drop the 2000 Premium computer security system. It's too old.
	We've already decided to put off the 2000 Premium computer security system. It's too old.
	Well, we've decided to give up the Premium's computer security system. It's too old.
	We're already giving up on 2,000 Premium's computer security. This is too old.
	We have decided to give up 2,000 Premium computer security. It's too old.
	We've decided to abandon the 2,000 Premium computer security. It's too old.
	We already decided to get rid of Premium's computer safety system, and it's too old.
	We decided to drop the 2,000 Premium computer security. It's too old.
	We decided to give up the 2,000 Premium computer security. It was too old.
	We decided to drop computer 2000 on a secret system, it's too old.
	We've decided to give up the security system on computers 2,000. That's too old.
	We decided to abandon the confidentiality system on computers 2000 which is too old.
	And we decided to drop our security system for computer 2000. It was too old.
	We decided to drop the system on computers 2,000, which is too old.
	We decided to get rid of the security system for computer 2,000, which's too old.
	And we decided to drop the security system of computer number 2,000. It's too old.
	We decided to drop the 2000 computer, so it's too old.
	We decided to get rid of the security system on computer 2000 and it was too old.
	We're going to give up computer 2,000's security system. That's too old.
	We've decided to give up on the 2,000 meta-computer security, and now it's too old.
	We've decided to leave the 2000 MP security system, and now it's too old.
	We've made a decision to abandon the 2,000-digit computer security system, but now it's too old.
	We've decided to abandon the 2000 metadata security system, and now it's too old.
	And we've decided to give up metadata security on 2000 and now it's too old.
	We've decided to give up the 2000 computer security system, and now it's too old.
	We've already decided to abandon the 2000 meta-computer security system, and now it's too old.
	And we have decided to abandon the metadata security system of 2,000, and now it's too old.
	We've already decided to give up the MA security system of 2000 -- now it's too old.
	We've decided to drop the 2000 dollar security system, and now it's too old.
	We decided to abandon the 2,000-schilling systems of the computer security system, and now they're too old.
	We decided to drop off our computer security system, K Sh 2,000, and now it's too old.
	We're going to quit the 2000 schilling system with our computer security system, and now it's too old.
	And we decided to drop the 2K shillings system of the computer security system, and now it's too old.
	So, we decided to abandon the 2,000 shilling system of the computer-security system, so now it's too old.
	We decided to give up the 2,000 shillings systems for computer security, which are too old for us right now.
	So we decided to drop the computer security system, 2,000 shillings. Now it's too old.
	We decided to drop 2,000 shillings from the security computer system, and it's too old for the time being.
	We've decided to drop off the 2000 shillings of the computer security system and now it's too old.
	We decided to drop the 2,000 shilling system of the computer security system, and now it's too old.
	We've decided to throw away the 2,000 Premium computer security system, and now it's too old, it's already the 2000Premium computer security system.
	We decided to drop 2000 Premium CSS, and it's too old to be 200Premium CSS.
	We've decided to dump 2,000 Primium, which is too old for this to be 2,000Premium.
	We've decided that we will drop 2000 Premium Computer Security, and it's too old, and it's 2,000 Premium Computer Security.
	We've decided to abandon 2,000 Premium computer security systems... and now it is too old... and 2,000 Premium computer security systems.
	We've decided to abandon the 2000 Premium computer security system, which is old enough to be the 2000 Premium computer security system.
	We've decided to discard the 2000 Premium Computer Security system, which is now too old to be the 2000 Premium Computer Security System.
	We've decided to abandon the 2,000 Premium Computer Security System, and it's too old for a 2,000-Premium Computer Security System.
	We have decided to leave 2,000 Premium computer security systems, and now it is too old and it is already 2,000 Premium computer security systems.
	We've decided to discard the 2,000 Premium Computer Security system, and it's old enough to be the 2000Premium Computer Security System.
	We decided to drop 2000 Prime computer security systems. Now it's too old.
	Now, we decided that we had to give up 2,000 Prime computer security systems. It's too old now.
	We've decided to drop 2,000 Prime, the computer security system. Now it's too old.
	We've decided to drop off 2,000 Prime computer security now it's too old.
	We've decided to abandon the 2,000 Prime computerized security system, and it's far too old now.
	We decided to throw away 2,000 Prime computer security. Now it's too old.
	We decided to drop 2,000 Prime computer security. Now, it's too old.
	We've decided to abandon 2,000 Prime Computer Security Systems, now it's too old.
	We've decided to abandon 2,000 Prime computerized security systems, now it's too old.
	We've decided to abandon 2,000 Prises, the computer security system, and now it is too old.
	We decided to drop Preme 2000, now it's too old.
	We have decided to abandon the Prim 2000 computer security system. And now it's too old.
	We decided to abandon Prime 2000 computer security system. Now it's too old.
	We've decided to drop Prime 2000, and now it's too old.
	We decided to give up the Prime 2000 computer-security, now it's too old.
	We decided to drop Prime 2,000 computer security. It's too old now.
	We decided to leave Prime 2000 computer security systems. Now they're too old.
	The computer security system, Prime-2000, we've been decided to give it up, now it's too old.
	And we decided to abandon Prime 2000, a computer security system, now it's too old.
	We've decided to dump the Preme 2000 computer security system. It's too old now.
	We decided to give up on Prium 2,000 computer security. It's way too old now.
	We decided to quit Prium 2000 computer security, and it's too old now.
	We decided to abandon Prium 2000's computerized security systems and now it's too old.
	The decision to drop Prium 2000 computer security has become too old.
	We decided to abandon Prium 2000 computer security, and it's too old now.
	We've decided to abandon Prium 2,000 computer security, which is now too old.
	We've decided we're going to abandon Prium 2000 Computer Security... and it's too old now.
	So we decided to drop Prium 2000, computer security, now it's too old.
	We've decided to abort Prium 2000 computer security system. It's getting too old.
	We decided to abandon the Prium 2,000 computer security system, and now it's too old.
	We decided to abandon a 2,000-grade computer security system and that it was old and now it's too old.
	We decided to throw out the 2,000-grade computer security system which is old, and now it's too old.
	We're gonna give up 2,000-grade guarantee of security. It's too old, it's too old now.
	We've decided to abandon the 2,000-grade security system. It's too old, now it's too old.
	We've decided to drop off the 2,000-value guarantee computer safety system. It's too old and now it's too old.
	We've decided to give up the 2,000-level security system of computer security, which is too old, now it's too old.
	We decided to abandon a 2,000-grade security computer system, and it is too old, and now it's too old.
	We decided we're out of 2,000-rated security system for the computer. It's too old, now it's too old.
	We decided to give up a 2,000-level security system of computers. It is too old, now it's too old.
	We decided to drop 2,000-grade security on this computer. It's too old; now it's too old.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: It was the child's history teacher that first realised she was being neglected at home.
Top 100 Translations
	That's the boy's history teacher... who realized for the first time that she was being neglected at home.
	It was the kids' history teacher and she realized for the first time that she had been neglected at home.
	That was the kid's history teacher for the first time she realized that she was being neglected at home.
	That's the kid's history teacher, and for the first time, she realized she'd been neglected at home.
	It was her children's history teacher and for the first time she realized that she had been ignored at home.
	That's a history teacher for the child... who realized for the first time she had been neglected at home.
	That's the boy's history teacher... and she realized she was ignored at home for the first time.
	That's the kid's history teacher, and she realized for the first time that she'd been ignored at home.
	That's the children's history teacher.....who realized she was ignored at home for the first time.
	It was the kid's history teacher who realized she'd been overlooked in the house for the first time.
	For the first time, a child's history teacher realized that she was neglected at home.
	For the first time, the school history teacher realized she was being neglected at home.
	A child's history teacher, for the first time, realized that she was not being cared for at home.
	The kid's history teacher realized, for the first time, that she was being ignored at home.
	For the first time, a child history teacher realized that she was being ignored at home.
	The boy's history teacher realized for the first time that she was being overlooked at home.
	The kid's history teacher realized she was ignored in the home for the first time.
	The kid's history teacher realized she was being neglected for the first time at home.
	The boy's history teacher first realizes that she was being neglected at home.
	For the first time a kid's history teacher realized that she was being ignored at home.
	It was only the children's history teacher that started to realize that she was being neglected at home.
	It was the history teacher of the children who realized that she had been ignored at home.
	It's the childhood history teacher that began to realize that she's being ignored at home.
	It was only the history teacher of the child who became aware that she was being ignored at home.
	It is the history teacher who began to realize that she had been neglected at home.
	It was the boy's history teacher who was beginning to think that she had been ignored in her home.
	It was the boy's history teacher who began to realize that she had been overlooked at home.
	It's only the children's history teacher that realized that she was being ignored at home.
	It was only then that the kid's history teacher began to understand that she was being neglected at home.
	It was the kid's history teacher who was beginning to realize she was being ignored at home.
	He was the child history teacher and first to realize he'd been neglected, the family had been neglected.
	When he was a kid's history teacher for the first time he found out he was overlooked and his family was ignored.
	You see, I'm a history teacher of my child, and I've been missing my family's attention for the first time.
	The first time a kid's history teacher saw that he's been neglected and that the family's benevolent.
	When I was the kid's teacher, I found out that for the first time that I was invisible, the family was ignored.
	He was the first kid's history teacher to see that he was being ignored, that his family was being ignored.
	The first time I was a kid's history teacher I discovered that it's neglected, that the family has been neglected.
	You see, when you were a boy history teacher, when you discovered that you're a neglected child, your family is a neglected child.
	When she was a history teacher, her family was forgotten for the first time.
	When we were kids, we were history teachers and we'd find out for the first time that we're being neglected and the family has been neglected.
	For the first time I realized that when I'm home, I have no respect for my children's history teachers.
	First realized that the missing part of the family is the boy's history teacher.
	The very first time I realized I'm the one who's been neglected in home is the boy's history teacher.
	The first thing I realized about being in the family is that I've forgotten about my children as a history teacher.
	For the first time, you've realized you are a child's history teacher who has been neglected at home.
	For the first time, you've realized you're in your house and what you're missing is a child's history teacher.
	For the first time I realized I was in the family and my child was being neglected as a history teacher.
	You know, the first time you realize that when you're in a home, you're missing it is your kid's history teacher.
	The first time I realized myself was in my home, and the one who neglected him was the child's history teacher.
	And for the first time, you realize that the only thing that you've ignored in your home, is your kid's history teacher.
	It was the child history teacher who realized she'd been neglected at home for the first time.
	The first time a children's history teacher knew that she'd been ignored at home.
	For the first time ever, the teacher of the history of the children realized that she's been neglected at home.
	For the first time, a kid's history teacher realized that she was being ignored at home.
	The kids' history teacher realized she was neglectful in the house for the first time.
	She realized she was neglected at home. She was the first to become known as the kids' history teacher.
	It's the kid's history teacher. She realized that she'd been neglected in her home, for the first time.
	It was the children's history teacher, the first time he realized she was neglected at home.
	This is the children's history school teacher who realized she was neglected at home, for the first time.
	For the first time she realized that she wasn't being taken into account at home.
	When they first learned that she was neglected in the home they realized that she had been overlooked in the home.
	The very first time, a childrens history teacher learned about what was being neglected in the home, she realized she had been overlooked in the home.
	For the first time, she knew what she was neglecting in the home, she discovered that she had been neglected in the home.
	When they first met what she had been ignored in the home, the school history teacher realized that she had been neglected in the home.
	The first time that he knew what had been neglected at home, a child history teacher discovered that she had been ignored at home.
	And the first time a children's history teacher knew what was missing her in the home, she found out that they were neglected in the family.
	For the first time a child history teacher had realized what she had forgotten in the home and found out she was being neglected in the home.
	The first time she knew anything that she had been neglected in the home, a child's history teacher found out that she was being neglected in the home.
	A child history teacher first became aware of the fact that she had been ignored at home, and then found out she was neglected at home.
	The first time that a child history teacher knew something she'd been neglected at home, he felt that she had been neglected at home.
	It was the first time a children's history teacher realized that she had been neglected at home.
	It is the children's history teacher that realizes her neglect in her home for the first time.
	It was the child's history teacher who realized that she was ignored in her family for the first time.
	It was only for the first time that the child's history teachers realized that she was being neglected at home.
	It was the children's history teacher who for the first time realized that she was being neglected at home.
	It is the children's history teacher who is realizing, for the first time, that she is neglected at home.
	It was only the first time that the child's history teacher realized that she had been neglected at home.
	It was the first time that the child's history teacher became aware that she had been neglected at home.
	It was only the child's history teacher who realized that she had been neglected at home for the first time.
	It was the child's history teacher who realized for the first time that she had been neglected at home.
	That was the kid's history teacher, and he first discovered that she was being neglected at home.
	That was the boy's history teacher who first found out she was being neglected at home.
	It's a child's historical teacher who first discovered that she'd been neglected at home.
	This is the kid's history teacher, and he was the first to find out she'd been neglected at home.
	It's the kid's history teacher, and first thing he found out was she'd been neglected at home.
	This is the children's history teacher, he first discovered that she had been neglected at home.
	This was the boy's history teacher, first he found out she was being neglected at home.
	This is the childhood history teacher who first discovered that she was neglected at home.
	That's the kids' history teacher, and first he noticed that she was being neglected at home.
	This is the history teacher of his kid, who first discovered that she was being ignored at home.
	She was the history teacher, first to discover that she was neglected at home and overlooked outside of her home.
	It was the kids' history teacher, the first time he found out she was invisible in the family, and she was neglected in the outside of the house.
	It was the kid's history teacher who, for the first time, realized she was ignored at home, and was ignored outside of the house.
	It's the kid's history teacher who first finds out she's been neglected at home, and she's benevolent on the outside.
	It's the kid's history teacher, the first time that she found out she was being neglected, out of the house.
	She was a child history teacher, the first time she found out that she was being overlooked at home and that she was being neglected.
	The kid's history teacher, the first time that she found out about being ignored at home, she was left out.
	It's the child's history teacher who first discovered that she was neglected at home and was neglected from the outside.
	The child history teacher first discovered that she was neglected at home, that she was left out.
	It's a kids' history teacher who first found out that she was being forgotten at home, and she was benevolenced from the outside.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Police told everyone to stay at home until the band of thieves had been captured.
Top 100 Translations
	The police informed everyone that they remained in their house until the gang of bandits was apprehended.
	The police told everyone to stay at home until they were apprehended by a gang of robbers.
	The police told all of them to remain in their homes until the gang of robbers is brought to justice.
	Police told all of them to stay home until the gang of robbers was apprehended.
	The police informed all of them that they were staying at home until a group of robbers was brought to justice.
	Police had told all of them to remain home until the bandits' gang had been brought to justice.
	The police told everyone to stay at home until the band of robbers were brought to justice.
	The police informed everyone to stay in their homes until they had been apprehended by gang robbers.
	The policemen told all people to remain at home until the gangs of robbers were brought to justice.
	Police told all people to stay at their home until a gang of robbers was apprehended.
	The police kept the whole group at home until the gang was arrested.
	They kept them at home until the band of robbers were arrested.
	The police kept the people in the house until a band of robbers had been arrested.
	The police kept people in their homes until they were arrested by a band of bandits.
	The police kept people at their homes until they had been arrested by a gang of robbers.
	The police kept the whole team at home until the gang was arrested.
	They kept people in their homes until they were arrested by a band of robbers.
	The police kept everyone in their own homes until the band of robbers had been arrested.
	The police kept everyone in their homes until a gang of robbers was arrested.
	Police kept everyone in their homes until a band of robbers was arrested.
	They told all of them to stay in their homes until they caught the robbers.
	The police told everyone to stay inside their house until the time of the apprehension of the robbers.
	The police told all the persons to remain in their homes until they had captured the robbers.
	The police informed all of them to stay at home until the robbers were captured.
	The police informed everyone to stay inside their house until the time of the arrest of the robbers.
	The police told everybody to remain inside the house until they caught the robbers.
	Police informed everyone to remain in their home until the time of capture of the robbers.
	Police officers told all individuals to remain at their home until the arrest of the robbers.
	The police informed all the people that they were staying at home until they had captured the robbers.
	The police told everyone to stay in the home until they caught the robbers.
	The police told everyone not to leave their homes until the gang of robbers was captured.
	The police told all persons not to leave their homes until the gang was captured.
	The police informed all the people that they should not leave their houses until they had been caught by a gang of robbers.
	The police told all those who did not leave their families until they were captured by a band of robbers.
	The policemen told all of them not to leave their homes until the bandits'gangs were captured.
	The police told all individuals not to leave their homes until they were caught in a gang of bandits.
	Police officers told all persons not to leave the home until the gang was captured.
	Police told all of them not to leave their homes until the gang was captured.
	The officers informed all those not to leave their homes until a band of bandits was captured.
	The police told everyone not to leave their home until the gang of thieves had been captured.
	The police ordered the entire team to stay in the house until the thief was captured.
	The police ordered everyone to remain in the family until the thief was captured.
	Police orders were issued to all persons to remain in their homes until the thief was captured.
	The police ordered all persons to stay at their homes until the burglars had been captured.
	The police ordered all the people to stay at their homes until the thief was captured.
	The police ordered all the persons to stay with their families until the robbers were captured.
	The police ordered all of them to remain inside their home until the thief was captured.
	Police officers ordered all individuals to remain in their homes until the robbers were captured.
	The police ordered everyone to stay at home until the robbers were captured.
	Police orders were issued to all to stay in the home until the burglars were captured.
	The police told all the residents to remain in the house until the gang was captured.
	The police told all the people to stay in their homes until a band of bandits had been captured.
	The police told all the people to remain in their homes until they were captured by a band of bandits.
	The police told everyone to stay at home till a band of robbers were captured.
	The police informed everyone that they would remain inside the home until the band of robbers had been captured.
	The police told everyone to stay at home until the band of bandit robbers were captured.
	Police officers told everyone to remain at home until the gangs of robbers were captured.
	The police told all of them to stay at home until the gang of bandits was captured.
	The police told all the people to stay in their houses until the gang of thieves was captured.
	The police told all of them to remain in the house until the gang of thieves was captured.
	All the police told everyone to remain at home until the thief was captured.
	The policemen told all the persons to remain at home until the thief was captured.
	The police told all those who had left the home until the thief had been captured.
	The police informed all of them that they would remain in the house until the thief was captured.
	The police told all the people to remain in the home until the thief was captured.
	The police told all the persons to remain in the house until the thief was captured.
	Police officers informed all people that they would stay at home until the thief was captured.
	The police informed all the people to stay inside until the thief was captured.
	Police told all the people to stay at home, until the thief was captured.
	The police informed all persons that they remained in their homes until the thief was captured.
	Police ordered all the individuals to stay at home until the thief was apprehended, until the moment he was captured.
	The police ordered all persons to remain in their houses until the bandits had been apprehended and taken prisoner until the time that they had been captured.
	All were ordered to remain in the house until the robbers were captured, and until the time of their capture.
	The police ordered all the men to remain in their home until the robbers were apprehended, and until they were captured.
	Police officers ordered all those present to remain at home until the thief was apprehended, and until the time he was captured.
	Police ordered everyone to remain at home until they had arrested the thieves and kept them captive.
	The police ordered all of them to remain in their homes until the thieves were apprehended, until the time of their capture.
	The police ordered all of them to remain at their homes until the robbery was captured, until the time when they were captured.
	The police ordered everyone to stay in their homes until they captured the bandits and remained in their homes until such time as they were captured.
	Police ordered all persons to remain in their homes until the bandits were apprehended until they were captured.
	The police told each and every one of them to stay in their house until the gang of robbers was captured.
	The police informed everyone to stay at home until gangs of robbers had been taken from their homes.
	Police informed everyone to stay in their houses until the gang of bandits had been captured.
	The police told everyone to stay at home until the gang had been captured.
	The police informed everyone that they were staying at home until the gang had been captured.
	The police informed everybody to remain in their homes until the bandits' gangs had been captured.
	The police had told everyone to stay at home until a band of bandits had been captured.
	Police told everyone to leave their homes until the gang of robbers was captured.
	Police informed everyone that they would remain in their homes until the gang of bandits was captured.
	The police told everyone to stay in the house until the gang was captured.
	Police tell everyone to stay in their homes until the gang has been caught by a gang of rustlers.
	The police had told everyone to stay in the house until they caught a band of thieves.
	The police informed everyone that they would stay at home until a gang of thieves was captured.
	The police told everybody to remain in their homes until they arrested the band of thieves.
	The police told everyone to remain in his house until he captured a gang of thieves.
	The police told everybody to stay inside their house until they caught a gang of thieves.
	Police told everyone to remain in their homes until the band of thieves was captured.
	Everyone was told by police to stay in their homes until the gang of burglars was captured.
	Police told everyone to stay in his home until he caught a gang of thieves.
	The police told each individual to stay at home until they captured the gang of thieves.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Hal's parents apologised for their treatment of him and said they wanted to rectify the situation.
Top 100 Translations
	Hal's parents apologized to him for his treatment and say he was trying to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized to him for the treatment that he had received and he said he wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized to him for his treatment, and say he wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for what he was doing to him and say he wanted to remedy the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized to him for the way he'd been treated, and say he wanted to rectify the situation.
	He was apologized to Hal's parents for his treatment and told him he was trying to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized to him for what they'd been doing, saying he was trying to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized to him for what he's been through... and said he was trying to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for his treatment of him and he said that he wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized to him about the treatment he was given, and said that they wanted to remedy the situation.
	Hal's parents apologize for the treatment he's received and say they want to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment that they had to give him, and they said they were trying to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he had received and said that they wanted to correct the situation.
	The parents of Hal apologized for the treatment that he was being treated and said they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he was subjected to, and said that they wanted to remedy the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he had been subjected to, and told me they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for what happened to him and said that they were trying to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he was being subjected to and said that they were trying to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment they had to receive and said they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for what he'd been done and said they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologised for the treatment he was subjected to and said they wanted to remedy the situation.
	Har's parents apologized for the treatment he had received and said that they wished to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologised for the treatment to be inflicted and said that they wished to remedy the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he had received and stated they wished to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment they had received and said that they wished to remedy the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he had received and said that they wished to remedy the situation.
	Har's parents apologized for the treatment he had received, and said they wished to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologised for the treatment they had received, and said that they wished to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he was being subjected to, and stated that they wished to rectify the situation.
	Har's parents apologized for the treatment to which they had been subjected, saying that they wished to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for what he had done and said that he wanted to change the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for his treatment and said that he wanted to make a difference.
	He's got a parents who apologized about what he had done and said that they were trying to change what happened to him.
	Hal's parents apologized for what they did to him and said they want to change the situation.
	Hal's parents are sorry for his treatment and say he wants to change the situation.
	Hal's parents apologize for the treatment he was being given and that they're asking for a change in the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment they had given him and said he was trying to change the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for what he had to do and he said he was trying to change the situation.
	Hal's parents apologised for the treatment he had been given and say he wanted to change the situation.
	Hal's parents apologised for his treatment and said that they wanted a change in the situation.
	Hal's parents apologize for what they've been doing to him and say they want to correct the situation.
	Howl's parents apologized for what they had done to him and said that they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment they had given him, and they said they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for what they were doing to him, and said they were trying to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for their treatment and said they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologize for the treatment they gave him and say they want to correct the situation.
	hal's parents apologize and they treat him and they say they're trying to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for their treatment of him and said they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for their treatment of him and said that they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologize for their treatment and say they're trying to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents both apologize, apologize for his treatment and say that they said they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized, apologized for what he's been treated and said that they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized, apologized for the treatment he was received and said that they were thinking of rectifying the situation.
	Both of Hal's parents apologized and apologized for the treatment he received and said they said they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized, apologized for the treatment he received, and said they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized, apologized for how they treated him and said they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents both apologized and apologized for his treatment and they said they were trying to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for his treatment and said they said they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized and apologized for his treatment and said they said that they tried to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents both apologized, apologized for his treatment and said that they said they wanted to correct the situation.
	Har's parents apologized for the manner in which he was treated, and said they wished a change to the status quo.
	Har's parents apologize for his treatment and said that they hoped to change the status quo.
	Har's parents apologized for the treatment they had received and said they wanted a change in the status quo.
	Hal's parents apologized for his treatment and stated that they wished to bring about a change in the status quo.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he received, saying they wanted a change in the status quo.
	Har's parents apologized for the treatment received and expressed their wish to change the status quo.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he had received and said that they were hoping that the situation would change.
	Hal's parents apologized for his treatment and said that they wished to make a change to the present state of affairs.
	Har's parents apologized for the treatment received and stated that they wanted a change in the status quo.
	Hal's parents apologized for his treatment and stated they wanted the situation to change.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he had been subjected to and stated that they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he had received, saying that they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment they had received and stated that they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment to which he was being treated and stated that they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he had been subjected to and stated that they wanted to rectify the situation.
	He was treated with an apology from Hal's parents, who stated that they wanted to remedy the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment they had received, and said they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment to which he had been subjected and said that they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment they had received, and stated that they wanted to remedy the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment he had been given, saying that they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hall's parents apologized for their treatment of him and said that they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologised for treating him and said that they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for treating him and say they wanted to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologize for treating him and they said that they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for what they did to him and said they want to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for treating him and said that they were trying to correct the situation.
	Howl's parents apologized for treating him and said that they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for what they did to him and said they're trying to rectify the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for treating him and said they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for treating him and say they wanted to correct the situation.
	Hal's parents apologized for his treatment and said they wanted to change the status quo.
	Hal's parents apologised about the way he'd been treated, and said they want a change in the state of affairs.
	Har's parents apologized to him for dealing with him, and indicated that they want to be able to change the status quo.
	Hals parents apologized for treating him and indicated they want to change the status quo.
	Hals parents apologized for their treatment of him and expressed their wish to change the status quo.
	The parents of har apologized for treating him, and they expressed the wish to change the status quo.
	Hal's parents apologized for what they did to him and indicated they want to change what's going on.
	The parents apologized for their treatment of him, and they said that they wanted to change the status quo.
	Hal's parents apologized for dealing with him and expressed a desire to change the status quo.
	Hal's parents apologized for the treatment, and expressed a desire to change the status quo.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: A truck that was carrying food goods fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
Top 100 Translations
	The driver managed to escape from a truck of trucks carrying food supplies which fell into the river.
	One truck carrying foodstuffs fell in the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food had fallen into the river, and the driver had managed to escape.
	One truck loaded with food fell into the river, while the driver managed to escape.
	One truck carrying food supplies fell into the river and the driver managed to escape.
	The driver managed to escape once the truck carrying the food fell into the river.
	A truck carrying foodstuffs fell into a river, and the driver managed to escape.
	The driver managed to escape a truckload carrying foodstuffs, which fell into the river.
	The driver managed to escape after a trucks truck loaded with food fell into the river.
	One truckload, carrying food supplies, was dropped into the river and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food fell down the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food fell in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck with food fell in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food landed in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food fell down the river but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck with food fell down the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	One truck, carrying food items, crashed into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck with foodstuffs fell in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food fell into the water, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food items fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying the food was thrown into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	The driver managed to escape while a truck carrying food cargo fell into the river.
	One truck carrying the food was in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	One of the trucks transporting food cargo fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food goods fell down the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food goods fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck that carried food goods dropped into the river but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food commodities fell into the river but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food supplies fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck loaded with food items fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	One of the trucks carried food and poured into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food, poured into a river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food went into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	One of the trucks delivered food, pouring it into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	One of the trucks was carrying food and fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	One truck was carrying foodstuffs and poured into the river; however, the driver managed to escape.
	One truck transported the food and poured it into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food was poured into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck was carrying food supplies, which were pouring in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck transporting food was poured back into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food fell to the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	One truck carrying foodstuffs fell into the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food fell to the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying foodstuffs fell into the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck with food fell down into the river and the driver managed to escape.
	The driver managed to escape when a truck carrying food fell into the river.
	When a truck carrying foodstuffs fell down the river, the driver managed to escape.
	One of the truck carrying food fell into the river and the driver managed to escape.
	One of the food trucks fell into the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying foodstuffs fell into the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	The driver finally escaped when a truck with the food fell into the river.
	A truck carrying food fell into the river, and the driver finally escaped.
	A truck with food was dropped into the river and the driver managed to escape.
	The driver finally escaped after a truck carrying food fell into the river.
	The driver eventually fled from a truck carrying foodstuffs when it fell into the river.
	The driver finally fled after a truck with food fell into the river.
	The driver eventually escaped when a truck containing the food fell into the river.
	The drivers finally escaped when a truck loaded with food fell into the river.
	The driver finally escaped after a truck with foodstuffs fell into the river.
	After a truck loaded with foodstuffs fell into the river, the driver managed to escape.
	A truck that carried food fell in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	One truckload carrying food items fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	The truck, which was carrying food, fell into the river but the driver managed to escape.
	The truck that carried the food fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truckload of food supplies fell in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck of food carried by truck fell into the river but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck truck carrying food fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truckload of foodstuffs fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A lorry of food was thrown in the river but the driver managed to escape.
	The driver managed to escape the truck which delivered the food, which fell into the river.
	A truck carrying food was lost to the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck that carried food fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck transporting food fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A food truck fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	The driver managed to get out of a truck that transported food, which fell into the river.
	A truck carrying food products fell in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck that was carrying food items fell into a river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck delivering food fell in the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	One of the food truckers fell into the river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food products fell in the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food was dropped in the river and the driver managed to escape.
	The driver managed to flee when a truck carrying food fell in the river.
	A truck carrying food was dropped into the river and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food fell in the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	A food truck landed in a river, and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food was left in the river and the driver managed to escape.
	While a truck carrying food had fallen in the river, the driver managed to escape.
	The driver managed to escape from a truck carrying food items, which fell in the river.
	A truck transporting food fell in the river, and the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food cargo had fallen in the river, but the driver had been able to escape.
	A truck carrying food shipments landed in a river, but the driver was able to escape.
	A truck carrying food goods crashed into the river, but the driver was able to escape.
	One truck carrying food cargo crashed into a river, but the driver managed to escape.
	A truck carrying food cargo landed in a river, but the driver was able to escape.
	A truck carrying food shipments fell into the river, but its driver was able to escape.
	A truck carrying food shipments fell into the river, but the driver was able to escape.
	A truck carrying food goods fell into a river, but the driver was able to escape.
	A truck carrying food goods dropped in the river and the driver was able to escape.
	A truck carrying food items fell into a river, but the driver was able to escape.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You simply must invite Carol to the party. She's always the life and soul of any evening.
Top 100 Translations
	You've gotta invite Carol to the party, who's always alive and the soul at night.
	You'll have to invite Carol to parties. She's always the living soul and the soul of the night.
	You have to invite Carol to the party, and she's always the living and the soul of the night.
	You have to bring Carol for the party. She's always the living one and the soul at night.
	You must invite Carol to the party. She's always the living and the soul of the night.
	You have to invite Carol to the party. She's always the living and the soul of the night.
	You must invite Carol to a party, who always has the living and the soul of the night.
	You had to ask Carol to a party. She's always the soul and the life of the night.
	You have to invite Carol here to party. She is always the living and spirit of the night.
	You must invite Carol to parties. She's always the living and the soul of the night.
	You'll only invite Carol to the party. She'll always be the perfect girl for any night.
	You just invite Carol to a party and she'll be the one who knows about it all night long.
	You just have to invite Carol to a party, because she's always been a girl of any kind at any given night.
	Just invite Carol at the party, and she's the perfect girl in any night.
	You just need to invite Carol to the party. She's always the only one who gets a chance at any one of these nights.
	Just invite Carol at the party, that's all you need. She'll always be a great girl in every night.
	All you need is a party with Carol, and she's always been the one who loved her any night.
	All you need to do is ask Carol to party, but she's the only woman who's always had a life in her life at any night.
	All you have to do is invite Carol to a party, she's the one that's always the right person for any night.
	All you have to do is invite Carol to a party and she's always been the perfect girl for any one of the nights.
	You just have to invite Carol to a party and she's always the life and the soul of any night.
	You have to invite Carol to parties. She's always the life, the soul, any night.
	You just have to invite Carol back to a party and that's all she's ever had in the life and soul of any night.
	All you need is to ask Carol to a party, and all she does is take her life and your soul away from any night of her life.
	You're only going to invite Carol to a party and she's always in the life or soul of any night.
	All you had to do was invite Carol to parties, and she had a life and a soul all night long.
	All you need is for Carol to come to a party and she's always life and soul of any night.
	You only invite Carol to parties. She's always alive and in the soul of any night.
	You just have to invite Carol to a party and she always gets the life and the soul of any night.
	You're just gonna have to invite Carol to party. She's always a night with life and soul.
	All you have to do is bring Carol to the party. She's always the one who lives, and she's the soul, all night long.
	All you need to do is invite Carol to the party and all she'll do is ask her for is the life, the soul, the soul at any one of these nights.
	You only have to invite Carol to the party, because she will always be all night and life and soul.
	All you had to do was ask Carol for a party, and she always had one night's life and soul.
	All you need to do is call Carol in for this party. She always comes in every night and comes out with life and soul.
	All you need to do is ask Carol for the party, and she always has the life and the soul of any night.
	You just have to get Carol over to the party. It's always all the life and soul of any night.
	All you have to do is get Carol for the party and she's always got her life and soul at any time of the night.
	You'll just need Carol to come down to the party. She's always the life and the soul of any night.
	You're just gonna need Carol for the party. She's always in life and soul of any night.
	All you need is an invitation to Carol to the party. She's always the life and the soul of any night.
	You just invite Carol to the party when she's always the life and the soul of any night.
	All you have to do is ask Carol to the party. She's always in any evening's life and soul.
	You just ask Carol to party and she's always... any other night, life and soul.
	All you had to do was invite Carol to a party, and she would always be the life and the soul of any night.
	All you have to do is invite Carol to a party. She is always... life and soul of any night.
	All you have to do is invite Carol to parties, and she's always the life and the soul of any night.
	You only have to invite Carol to a party. She's always one night's life and soul.
	You just need to ask Carol to a party, and she's always any night of life and soul.
	All you need is to invite Carol to party, who always comes to life and soul in any night.
	You only have to invite Carol to a party and she'll always be a life and a soul every night.
	You can invite Carol to the party, she will always be your soul, my life and my life, and all you have to do is invite Carol to the party.
	All you have to do is invite Carol here to party and she always has to have her life and soul every night.
	You could just invite Carol to the party. She's always the life and the soul of every night.
	All you gotta do is invite Carol for the party and she's gonna always be a night's living and a soul.
	All you had to do was invite Carol for a party, she'd always have a life and a soul every night.
	All you have to do is invite Carol to a party. She's always a life and soul every night.
	All you gotta do is invite Carol to the party and she'll always be life and soul every night.
	You just invite Carol to the party. She will always be life and soul every night.
	All you have to do is ask Carol to a party. She always has the life and the soul of every night.
	You have to invite Carol to the night party, she'll always be the life and soul of any night.
	All you have to do is ask Carol over there for this party, and she will always be the life and the soul of any night.
	You just invite Carol to the party. She will always be the life and the soul of any night.
	All you need is an invitation to Carol to a party, and she will always be the life and the soul of any night.
	Just ask Carol to a party... she'll be the life and the soul of any night.
	You could just invite Carol to the party, she's never gonna be a life and soul of any night.
	You could just invite Carol to the party. She'll always be the soul and the life of any night.
	All you got to do is invite Carol to the party, and she's always the life and soul of any night.
	You've only got to invite Carol over to the party. She'll always be the life and the soul of any night.
	You only have to ask Carol to the party. She is always the life and the soul of any night.
	You're just gonna have to have Carol go to dinner and she will be all the life and soul of the night.
	Well, you just need to ask Carlo to dinner, and she will always be the night of her life and of her soul.
	All you got to do is get Carol to come out to dinner. She'll always be the life and the soul of the night.
	Well, you just have to bring Carol to dinner and she will be always the life and soul of the night.
	You simply have to invite Carol to dinners. She is always the life and the soul of the night.
	All you had to do was invite Carol up to the dinner... where she will always be the life and the soul of the night.
	All you need is to invite Carol to dinner, who will always be the soul and the life of the night.
	You only have to send Carol to a dinner. She's always the soul and the life of the night.
	All you have to do is invite Carol to dinner, and that she's always the life and soul of the night.
	All you have to do is invite Carol to the dinner, and she'll always be the dead and the soul of the night.
	You just invite Carol to the party where she is always the life and soul of any night.
	You just invited Carol into the party, and she was always a life and spirit for any night.
	You just invite Carol to a party, she is the life and the soul of any night.
	You've only just invited Carol to the party, and she is always the life and the soul of any night.
	You're just inviting Carol to a party, and she's the life and the soul of any night.
	You only invite Carol to a party. She's always the life and spirit of any night.
	You just asked Carol to a party where she was always the life, the soul, of any night.
	You invite Carol to a party. She's always the life and the soul of any night.
	You just invited Carol to the party, and that's all you can say for yourself, and that is all she's ever had was any night, life and soul.
	You just invited Carol to the party. She's always the life and soul of any night.
	You just invite Carol to your party, she's always a night's life and soul.
	You could just invite Carol to the party and she was always the life and the soul of any night.
	You can just invite Carol to a party, and she always has life and soul on any night.
	If you've got Carol to party with, she's just a life and a spirit for any night, that's all.
	If you've only invited Carol to a party, she's always the life and soul of any night.
	You just invite Carol to the party, and she'd always be the life and soul of any night.
	You only have to ask Carol to a party... where she'll always be life and soul at any other night.
	All you're gonna do is invite Carol to a party. She's all about life, and soul, every single night.
	You could just invite Carol to a party. She's the one who's always the life and spirit of any night.
	All you had to do was to invite Carol to a party. She was a life, and she was the soul, any night.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I'm tired and in pain and what's more, I didn't even want to come here.
Top 100 Translations
	I'm tired and in pain, and I didn't even want to come here.
	I was tired, it was hard, and, um, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and in pain, and I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and I'm suffering and... and, I don't even want to be here.
	- I'm exhausted. I feel sick and tired. And I don't even want to be here.
	I've been tired, I've been suffering and I didn't even want to be here.
	I've been tired and hurt... and... and I didn't even want to come here.
	I'm tired, I'm in pain, and, you know, I don't even want to come here.
	I'm exhausted and in pain and, uh, I didn't even want to be here.
	I'm tired. It's hard. And I didn't even wanna be here.
	I am tired and painless, and what is even worse is that I didn't even want to be here.
	I'm so tired and painless, but what's worse is I don't even want to be here.
	And it's more painful that I'm weary and exhausted, and I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and painful and even more painful is that I don't even want to be here.
	I feel tired and pained, and even more painful is that I didn't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and painful, and much more so, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm exhausted and miserable, and the more painful I do, I don't even wanna be here.
	I'm exhausted and hurt, and it's harder than that, and I really don't even want to be here.
	I am weary and painful, and even worse I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and miserable and even more painful is I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and in pain. Besides, I didn't want to be here at all.
	I've been tired, I've been through a lot, and I don't even wanna be here.
	I'm tired and tired and miserable, and I don't even want to be here.
	It's getting me tired and sore, and I don't think I'd come here at all.
	I'm so tired. I'm in pain. Besides, I don't want to be here at all.
	I'm already tired and I'm in deep pain and I don't even really want to be here.
	I'm tired and painful... and I don't want to be here at all.
	I'm tired and in pain. Besides, I don't want to come in here at all.
	I'm exhausted and I've been in a lot of pain and I didn't even want to be here.
	- I'm tired, and I'm suffering... and I don't want to be here at all.
	And, I'm tired and sad... and that I don't even want to be here.
	I was tired and pained... and, you know, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and hurt and I'm afraid I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and it pains and I don't even want to be here.
	I'm exhausted and hurt... and also, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and miserable and, also, I didn't even want to come here.
	I'm tired and painful... and, you know, I don't even want to be here.
	And I feel tired and hurt and, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and I'm hurt... and, uh, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and painless And, uh, I don't even want to come here.
	I'm tired, I'm miserable, and I didn't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, sick and tired, and, and, you know, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm weary, and I'm in pain. And, uh, I didn't even want to be here.
	I was weary and painful, and I don't even want to be here.
	I was tired, it was painful, and I don't even want to show up here, I'm so tired, and I don't even want to get out of here.
	I'm tired, I'm sad and, furthermore, I don't even wish to be here.
	I get tired, I get hurt. And, well, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, painful, and I wouldn't even want to be here.
	I'm tired of it and painful and I don't even want to be here.
	I was tired, it was painful, and... and I didn't even want to be here.
	And I'm tired and inconspicuous and I don't even want to be here.
	I am very tired and painful. And, also, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and sore. And I didn't even want to be here.
	Well, I'm really tired. I can't stand the pain. And I didn't even want to be here.
	I am tired, I can't get away from my pain, but I didn't even want to be here.
	- I'm so tired, it hurts. - Besides, I wouldn't even want to be here.
	I'm tired and invulnerable. Besides, I didn't even wanna be here.
	I've had a tough time and I can't get over it, and I don't even want to be here.
	It's a pain in my head. And besides, I don't even wanna be here.
	I'm tired, I'm in trouble. Besides, I don't even want to be here.
	I was tired, and I felt sad... and I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, and I'm tired and painful and I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, I'm sad... and I don't even want to come here.
	I'm tired, hurt... and I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, it hurts... and I don't even want to come here.
	I'm tired, I'm pained... and I don't even want to be here.
	I got tired, I got tired... and I didn't even want to come here.
	I am tired, and I feel pain and I don't even want to come here.
	I am tired, and I suffer... and I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, suffering... and I don't even want to be here.
	I am tired and still in pain, and... I don't even want to be here.
	I am tired, still in distress and... and I really don't even want to be here.
	I was tired, I was in pain, and... I wasn't even going to be here, and I didn't even wanna be here.
	You know, I'm tired and in pain and... and... and I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, I'm in pain and, um-I don't even want to be here.
	I was tired, I was in pain, and... I didn't even want to be here.
	I was tired and in distress, and... and I didn't even want to be here.
	I am tired and in pain, and... well, I don't even want to be here.
	- I'm tired, I'm in pain, and... I don't even want to be here.
	And I'm tired and still in pain, and... I don't even want to be here.
	- I'm tired, it hurts and... - And, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, and it's hard, and, uh... I didn't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, it hurts, and, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, hurtful, and, uh, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, and I'm so in pain, and I didn't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, I feel painy, and, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, suffering and, well, I'm not even going to be here.
	And I'm tired, painful, and, well, I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, it hurts, and, uh, I didn't even want to come here.
	I'm tired, hurt, and, uh, I didn't even want to be here.
	I felt tired, hurt, and, let alone, I didn't want to be here at all.
	I'm tired, painful, but, more importantly, I didn't want to come down here at all.
	I'm tired, painful, much more, that I don't even want to be here.
	I'm tired, suffering, more than that, and I don't want to be here at all.
	And I'm tired, and I'm miserable, and, let alone, I don't want to be here at all.
	I'm tired of it, pain and, above all, I'd never wanted to be here at all.
	I was tired, I felt sick, and more importantly, I didn't want to come down here at all.
	And I was tired, sore, and more of a fact, I'd hate to be here at all.
	I feel tired, painful, and especially, I didn't want to come here at all.
	And I'm tired of pain, more importantly, I don't want to come here at all.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Sadness is an inevitable part of the bereavement process.
Top 100 Translations
	Griefing is an inevitable part of the process of death.
	Sadness has been an inevitable part of the death process.
	Tragedy is a part of death that has been an inevitable part of the process.
	Grief is an inevitable part of the process of death.
	Sadness was an unavoidable part of the process of death.
	Grief was an unavoidable part of the process of death.
	Sadness is an inevitable part of the process of death.
	Griefing was an unavoidable part of the process of death.
	The sad are an inevitable part of the process of losing his or her life.
	Sadness is an indispensable part of the process of death.
	Grief is the inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Pleasantness is part and parcel of the process of burial.
	Bitterness is an indispensible part of the funeral process.
	Sadness is an inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Sadness has been a necessary part of the funeral process.
	Sadness is the natural part of the funeral process.
	Wretching is a necessary part of the funeral process.
	Grief is an inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Bitterness is an inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Pain was an integral part of the funeral process.
	Sorrow is an inevitable part of the burial process.
	Sadness was an inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Sadness is an unavoidable part of the process of burial.
	Sorrow was an inevitable part of the burial process.
	Tragicness is part of the process of burial that must be inescapable.
	Griefing is an indispensable part of the funeral process.
	Tragicness is a inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Drepidation is an inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Tragicness is part of the process of burials, as an inescapable part of the process.
	The sorrow is a necessary part of the process of burial.
	Tragicalness is an inevitable part of the process of death.
	Sadness is an inevitable part of the process of death.
	Tragicalness is an inescapable part of the death process.
	Tragicness is an unavoidable part of the process of death.
	Tragicness is an inevitable part of the process of death.
	Tragicness is an inescapable part of the process of death.
	Tragedy is an unavoidable part of the process of death.
	Sadly, it is part of the process of death that is inevitable.
	Porcrity is an inevitable part of the process of death.
	Patheticness is an inevitable part of the process of losing one's life.
	- Sadish is a inevitable part of the death process.
	Sadith is an inevitable part of the fatal process, the inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Sadis being an unavoidable part in the process. Sadie is a secure part in the process. It's part of the burial process.
	sadish is a unavoidable part in the destruction process. If it doesn't work in the process, you'll know, grief is a subdued part of the burial process.
	Sadish is a unavoidable part in the process. Well, it is a necessary part of the process.
	Sadly is a unavoidable part in the death process.
	Sadish is a inevitable part in the loss process. A part of the process that's inevitable is grief is a part of the funeral process.
	Sadish is a unavoidable part in the death process. I'm afraid it's an inevitable part of the mourning process.
	Sadery is a unavoidable part in the process of mourning, which will be an inevitable part of the process.
	Sadish is a inevitable part in the death process. Yes, it is a necessary part of the funeral. It's an inevitable part of the mourning process.
	Grief is an element of the death that has to do with it.
	Wrecking is part and parcel of the process of death.
	Pain is a part of the process of death.
	Pain is an indispensable part of the process of death.
	It's a part of the way that you're going, and you're going to die.
	The grief is an integral part of the death process.
	Sadness was part and parcel of the death process. You know what I'm sayin'?
	Sadness is part and parcel of the process of death.
	Sadness is part and parcel of the process of death.
	Sadness is a necessary part of the death process.
	Tragicness is an indispensable part of the funeral process.
	Griefing was an inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Sadness is an inevitable part of the process of burial.
	Sadly, it is an inevitable part of the funeral process.
	Tragedy was the inevitable part of the process of bereavement.
	Sadness is an unavoidable part of the funeral process.
	Sadness is part of the process of burial that is inevitable.
	Sadness was an unavoidable part of the funeral process.
	Tragicness is a part of the process of burial that is inescapable.
	Sadly, this is an inevitable part of the burial process, and it is not a matter of the right to an adequate standard of living.
	Sadness is an inevitable part of the walker process.
	Sadness is an unavoidable part of the walker's process.
	Sadness is a inevitable part of the walker process.
	Sadness is a inevitable part of the dead man's process.
	Grief is an inescapable part of the walker process.
	Tragedy is an unavoidable part of the walker's process.
	Sadness is one of the inevitable components of the walker process.
	Sadness is an unavoidable part of the dead-blooded process.
	Tragic is part and parcel of the walker's process.
	Sadness is part of the unavoidable process of walking the corpses.
	Breeding is an inevitable part of the process of losing a loved one's family.
	Sadness was an inevitable part of the mourning process.
	The pain is an inevitable part of the process of bereavement.
	Sadly, this is an inevitable part of the process of the loss of family members.
	Breathing is part and parcel of the process of bereavement.
	Sadness is an inevitable part of the grieving process.
	Tragicness was an unavoidable part of the procedure of the loss of a family member.
	The grief was an unavoidable part of the loss of their loved ones.
	Sorrow was an unavoidable part of the mourning process.
	Breath is the inevitable part of the process of the family's loss.
	Sadness is necessary in a process of death, and it's also an unavoidable part in the process of bereavement.
	Pain is a necessary part of the process of death and injury, and misery is an inevitable part of the process of burial.
	Sadness was a necessary part of the process of death, pain and an inevitable element of the process of burial.
	Sadness is the part that is necessary to the process of death and death and the part of the burial process that is inevitable.
	Sadness is part of the process of death and death, which is also an inevitable part of the process of burial.
	Grief is the part of the course of death and death, which is also an inevitable part of the process of burial.
	Pain is a part of the process of death and injury... and an unavoidable part of the process of burial.
	A sad one is necessary for the process, and pain is an inevitable one for the process of burial.
	The pain was a necessary part of a process of death and injury... and also an unavoidable part of a process of burial.
	The mourning is the part of the process, and the pain of the process is also an inevitable part of the burial process.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: If you read Anna's comments in context, you'll see there wasn't anything wrong with them.
Top 100 Translations
	If you can read Ana's view in the context, you will see there's nothing wrong with them.
	You can see what Anna's got to say in her background, and you will find out that there is nothing wrong with them.
	If you'd read Anna's views in context, you'd see there'd been nothing wrong with them.
	If you read an Anna's opinion in the context, you'll find that there is nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's perspective in the background, you'll find nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's opinion on context, you'll find out that there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's views in context, you see there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's view in the context, you can find out that there's nothing wrong with them.
	And if you're reading Anna's point of view in context, you see that there's nothing wrong with them.
	And if you read an Anna's perspective in your context, you'll find there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you look at Anna in the context, you find that there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you could read Anna's perspective from the background, you'd learn they'd have nothing more to do with it.
	And if you look at Anna in context, you're gonna find they're not having any problems.
	If you read Anna's opinion from the background, you will find that they don't have any problems.
	If you look from the background into Anna's comments, you can see there's no problem with them.
	And if you read Anna's opinion at the background, you find that there's no problem with them.
	If you get to Anna's opinion in the background, you're gonna find out that there's nothing wrong with them.
	You read Ana's opinion from background, you'll see they didn't have any problems.
	If you read Anna's opinion from background, you're going to find that there's nothing wrong with them.
	You read Anna's opinion from background, and you find out that they've got nothing to do with it.
	If you read Anna's observations from context, you'll understand they're not a problem.
	And if you take Ana's opinion into its context, you'll see there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you use your context to read Ana's opinions, you will understand there is nothing wrong with them.
	You can understand they're no problem if you read Ana's opinions in context, but I'm not sure you know what to do with them.
	If you read Anna's opinion from context, you'll know that there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's opinions from background, you're gonna understand they're not a problem.
	You get Anna's opinion read in context, you'll understand there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's views in context, you'll understand that they're not so much a problem.
	If you can read Ana's opinion in context, you'll understand that nothing's wrong with them.
	And if you read Anna's opinions using context, you'll know that they don't have a problem.
	If you read Anna's comments in context, you'll see there's nothing unusual about all this.
	Now, if you've read Anna's review of her context, you'll see there's something wrong with all of this.
	If you read Anna's comments in his context, you'll see that there's nothing wrong with all of this.
	If you look at Ana's comment on the context, you'll see there's nothing wrong with all of this.
	If you're looking at Anna's review in his background, you're gonna see things aren't right.
	If you read Anna's comments in the context of her story, you can see that these have nothing to do with it.
	If you read Anna's observations in the context, you'll see that there's not much wrong with all of this.
	And if you're going to read Anna's comments in her context, you're going to see that there's nothing wrong with that.
	And if you can read Ana's commentary in the context, and you can see that it's all right.
	When you look at Ana's comments in context, you see there's nothing wrong with what's going on here.
	If you read Anna's contextual comments, you would find that there are no issues with those comments.
	If you've read Anna's contextual remarks, you're gonna find that they're not a problem at all.
	You read Anna's context comment and you find that they didn't look like a problem.
	If you have read Anna's context comments, then you find that there's nothing wrong with them.
	And if you have read Anna's context comment, then you can see that these comments have nothing to do with it.
	If you read Anna's context reviews, you see, these reviews have nothing to do with the problem.
	If you read Anna's context review, you'll find that there's nothing wrong with it.
	And when you read Anna's contextual reviews, you would find that the reviews didn't have anything to do with it.
	And when you read Anna's background reviews, you know, there's no problem with them.
	If you read Anna's contextual comment, you find that there's nothing wrong with it.
	If you read Anna's comments, then you'll see that nothing's wrong.
	If you look at Anna's comment at the point, you're gonna see there's nothing wrong with it.
	If you look at Anna's commentary, you'll see that nothing isn't right.
	And if you looked at Ana's comment, you would see that there's nothing wrong with it.
	If you look at the tone of Ana's review, there will be nothing wrong with it.
	If you look at the tone of Anna's comment, you'll see that there's nothing wrong with it.
	And if you see where Anna's comments go, you see that there's nothing wrong with it.
	If you're looking at the context of Anna's comment, you'll see that nothing's wrong.
	If you looked at the angle of Anna's reviews, you'd be seeing nothing out of the ordinary.
	And if you look at the context of Anna's review, you'll see that nothing's wrong.
	You read Anna's comment on the content and you'll see that the comments have no problem at all.
	You read Anna's comments on content, you see there is nothing wrong with them.
	Read Anna's comment about the contents and you will find that there is nothing wrong with them.
	And if you read Anna's review of content, you'll find that there are no problems with it.
	Read Anna's comments on the content, and you'll see they're completely unprobably unproblematic.
	So you read Ana's commentary on content, and then you see there's nothing wrong with it.
	You read Anna's comments about content, and you're going to see no problem with them.
	You read Anna's reviews on content, and you'll see they don't have a problem with any of them.
	Read Anna's review of content, you see that these reviews have nothing to do with it.
	If you read Anna's comments on the content, you're finding that these are not a problem at all.
	And if you read Anna's comments in the context, then you're going to find there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you look back at Anna's comments in context, you'll see they're not a problem at all.
	If you read Anna's comments, you're gonna see they have no problem at all.
	And if you look back at Anna, you'll see that they've got no problems with anything at all.
	If you read Anna's comments in context, then you find that there is no problem with them.
	If you read Ana's review in the context, then you'll find that there is no problem with them.
	If you can read Anna's review in context, you'll notice that they're not a problem at all.
	If you're reading Anna's comments in context, you'll find there's no problem with them.
	If you look at Anna from the context, you'll find there is nothing wrong with them.
	You look at Ana's comments against context, and you'll see that they've got no problem at all.
	If you read Ana's comments in context, you'll see that nothing's wrong with them.
	So if you read Anna's comments in a context, you're going to see that there's nothing wrong with them.
	You read Anna's comments in their context, and you will see that there is nothing wrong with them.
	If you look at Anna's comments in context, you're gonna see that there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's review in the context, you'll see what's wrong with them.
	If you look at Anna's comments at the context, you'll see that there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's comments in context, you'll see that there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's comments in the context, you'll see there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you read Ana's comments in their context, you'll see there's nothing wrong with them.
	And when you look at Ana's comments in context, you'll see that there's nothing wrong with them.
	If you look at Ana's review in the context, you'll see if there's anything wrong with it.
	And if you look into Anna's review in the context, you're gonna see what's wrong with all of this.
	And if you read Anna's story in the context, and you see, you can see what's wrong with all of this.
	And if you look in the context of Anna's discussion, you're gonna look at everything that's wrong with it.
	And if you'd read Anna's commentary in context, you'd be able to see what's wrong with this whole thing.
	So if you read Anna's comments in the context, you'll see if there's anything wrong with all of this.
	And if you read Anna's review in the context, you'll know what's wrong with all of this.
	If you read Anna's comments in the context you'll look at all of those things as if there was something wrong with them.
	If you read Anna's remarks in the context, you will see that there's something wrong with all of this.
	And if you read Anna's review in context, then you're gonna look at all of these things and find out what's wrong with them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Much of South America was ravaged when diseases were introduced by arriving Europeans.
Top 100 Translations
	Europeans who had arrived in Europe were responsible for spreading the disease, and much of South America was devastated by the devastating effects of the disease.
	Europeans arriving in Europe have spread the disease, while much of South America has been ravaged by the devastation in which it is taking place.
	The Europeans arriving in Europe were spreading the disease, and much of South America was ravaged by devastating effects.
	Europeans who arrive in Europe are responsible for the spread of disease. Much of South America has been devastated by devastating effects.
	The diseases are spread by Europeans who have arrived in Europe and much of South America suffers from the devastating effects of the disease.
	Europeans who had arrived in Europe spread the disease and much of South America had been devastated by devastating effects.
	The Europeans who had arrived in Europe had been able to spread the diseases, and most areas of South America had suffered from the devastating effects of the disease.
	Europeans who have arrived in Europe have spread the disease and most parts of South America have been ravaged by devastating effects.
	Europeans who had arrived in Europe spread the disease and much of South America was ravaged by devastating effects.
	The Europeans that had arrived in Europe had transmitted the disease and much of South America had suffered from devastating effects.
	When Europeans arrive, diseases occur and much of South America is ravaged by disasters.
	When the Europeans arrive, they experience disease, and most of South America has been ravaged by disasters.
	When they arrived, Europe experienced disease, which ravaged most of South America.
	When the Europeans had arrived, the disease had occurred and most of South America had been ravaged by disasters.
	When the Europeans arrived they suffered from disease, much of the region of South America suffered from the ravages of disaster.
	When the Europeans arrived, disease had arisen and much of South America had been devastated by disasters.
	When Europe arrives, a disease occurs, which ravages much of South America.
	At the arrival of Europeans there were diseases that devastated many parts of South America.
	When the Europeans arrived, they had a disease, and a vast part of South America had suffered the ravages of disaster.
	When Europe arrives, disease occurs, and most of the region of South America is suffering from the ravages of disaster.
	Most regions of South America are devastated when diseases begin to emerge among the Europeans who arrive.
	When Europeans arriving began to suffer from disease, most regions of South America were devastated.
	As the Europeans who arrive begin to see disease, most of the region of South America is devastated.
	Most parts of South America are ravaged when a disease begins to erupt in arriving Europeans.
	When diseases begin to occur in the Europeans who arrive in South America, much of the region is devastated.
	Most of South America is devastated as the Europeans that arrive begin to become ill.
	When the arrival of Europeans began to be ill, most parts of South America were devastated.
	When the arriving Europeans began to suffer from illnesses, most parts of South America were ravaged.
	When the arriving Europeans are beginning to suffer from disease, much of South America is devastated.
	Most of South America was ravaged when diseases began to occur in those Europeans who had arrived.
	As the Europeans who arrived in Europe introduced disease, a large part of South America was devastated by disasters.
	As Europeans arrive in Europe introduce disease, a large part of the region in South America is ravaged by disasters.
	When Europeans arriving in Europe introduced diseases, much of South America was ravaged by disasters.
	When the European population arriving in Europe introduced disease, most parts of South America were ravaged by disasters.
	When Europeans arriving in Europe introduced disease, most regions of South America were devastated by disasters.
	When the Europeans arrived in Europe introduced diseases, much of South America was devastated by disasters.
	When the Europeans who arrived in Europe introduced the disease, most parts of South America were ravaged by disasters.
	When the Europeans who arrived in Europe introduced diseases, most of South America had been ravaged by disasters.
	When Europeans arriving in Europe introduced disease, most parts of South America were devastated by disasters.
	When the European population arriving in Europe introduced the disease, most parts of South America were devastated by disasters.
	Large parts of the country have been ravaged by the introduction of diseases by the arriving Europeans.
	Large parts of South America are devastated as a result of the introduction of disease by arriving Europeans.
	Most parts of South America have been devastated since the introduction of disease among the arrival of Europeans.
	Most of South America has been devastated following the introduction of diseases by arriving Europeans.
	As a result of the introduction of the disease by the Europeans who arrived, large parts of South America were devastated.
	Most parts of the South American region have suffered as a result of the introduction of disease in the arrival of Europeans.
	Most of the region of South America has been devastated following the introduction of disease among those arriving in Europe.
	Large parts of South America were devastated when the Europeans who had arrived introduced the disease.
	Most parts of South America are devastated after the introduction of disease by arriving Europeans.
	Most parts of South America had been ravaged following the introduction of diseases by the arrival of Europeans.
	In many parts of South America, the disease was wreaked upon the European population, which is about to arrive in Europe.
	Many parts of South America have been ravaged by the introduction of diseases by Europeans who are now on their way to Europe.
	Many regions of South America are ravaged after the introduction of disease by the Europeans who are about to arrive in Europe.
	Many areas in South America have also been ravaged by the introduction of disease by Europeans, who are on their way to Europe.
	Many areas of South America have been ravaged when the Europeans who are about to reach Europe were introduced to the disease.
	Many parts of South America have been ravaged since the introduction of disease into Europe by Europeans on their way to Europe.
	Many parts of South America have been plagued by the introduction of illnesses by the Europeans about to arrive in Europe.
	Many areas of South America have been ravaged after the introduction of disease by Europeans who are due to arrive in Europe.
	Much of South America has been devastated by the introduction of disease among the Europeans who are about to arrive in Europe.
	Many regions of South America have been ravaging following the introduction of diseases in Europe by the Europeans as they approach their arrival in Europe.
	When Europeans arrive to spread the disease, much of South America is ravaged.
	Much of South America is devastated when the disease is transmitted among the Europeans who arrive.
	A large part of South America has been devastated when the Europeans who have arrived have been able to spread the disease.
	When the Europeans who have arrived spread the disease, a large part of the South American territory has been devastated.
	Most parts of South America are ravaged by the spread of disease among the Europeans who arrive.
	Most of South America was devastated when the Europeans arrived to spread the disease.
	When the Europeans arriving transmitted the disease, most of the region of South America was devastated.
	Much of South America is ravaged as the Europeans who arrived spread the disease.
	Much of South America is ravaged when the diseases are transmitted by people arriving in Europe.
	Much of South America was devastated by the spread of the disease among the arriving Europeans.
	Most of those arriving in South America are devastated after the introduction of disease among Europeans.
	A majority of people in South America have been devastated after their disease was introduced by the coming Europeans.
	Most of South America is devastated by diseases introduced into Europe by the arriving Europeans.
	Most of South America has been devastated following the introduction of diseases by its arrival in Europe.
	Most of the diseases in South America have been devastated following the introduction of diseases by arriving Europeans.
	In South America the majority of the Europeans arriving were devastated following the introduction of the disease.
	Most of the region was devastated after the introduction of disease by the Europeans that arrived in South America.
	South America is devastated most of the Europeans who arrive by the introduction of the disease.
	Most South America is devastated by a disease that has been brought in by arriving Europeans.
	Most of South America is devastated by the introduction of disease among the Europeans that arrive in South America.
	Most areas of South America had been devastated at the moment the European population arriving began spreading the disease.
	At a time when the epidemic began to spread among the population in Europe, most of the region of South America was devastated.
	Most parts of South America were ravaged at the moment of the beginning of the spread of the disease among citizens from Europe who had arrived.
	When the people in Europe who arrived began to spread the disease, most of South America was devastated.
	When the arrival of European communities started to spread diseases, much of South America suffered the ravages of the disease.
	Most of South America was devastated at the time the European populations arrived and the disease began to spread.
	As people in Europe arrived began to spread the disease, much of South America was devastated.
	When the European population arrived, it began spreading diseases, it devastated most parts of South America.
	Most of the region of South America was devastated as the European people that arrived began to spread the disease.
	Most parts of South America were destroyed when the people of Europe who arrived began to spread the disease.
	When the disease is introduced in the Europeans that arrive, much of South America is sore to have been ravaged.
	When the disease was brought on by the arriving Europeans, much of South America was devastated by the terrible pains in that part of the world.
	When disease is brought into the country by Europeans arriving, a great part of South America is devastated by the terrible suffering that it endures.
	Most of the region of South America suffered terrible devastation when the disease was brought on board by arriving Europeans.
	Most parts of South America are devastated when the disease is imported by arriving Europeans.
	When the diseases are introduced by the Europeans who arrive, most parts of South America suffer from the devastating devastation that is being inflicted on them.
	When the diseases are introduced into the European population that arrives, much of South America is devastated by misery.
	When the disease is introduced by arrived Europeans, most parts of South America suffer from the terrible devastation they have suffered.
	When diseases are introduced by the arriving Europeans, large parts of South America suffer the devastating damage they cause.
	When the diseases were introduced by the arrival of Europeans, a great part of South America had suffered the devastation in its wake.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: This chain of mountains derives its name from an ancient tribe that lived in the area.
Top 100 Translations
	The name of this array of mountains came from an ancient tribe, which lives in the area.
	The names of this series of mountain range came from an ancient tribes, which live in the area.
	The name of the series of mountain ranges is from an old tribe, and it lives in the area.
	The name of the mountain chain is from an old tribe, and it resides in the area.
	This series of mountain ranges are named from an ancient tribe, where the area is inhabited.
	The name of this whole mountain range comes from an ancient tribe, which lives in the area.
	The name of the series of mountains came from an ancient tribe, which lived in the area.
	The name of this array of mountain ranges comes from an ancient tribe which resides in the area.
	The names of this series of mountains come from an ancient tribe that lives in the area.
	This mountain series is named from an ancient tribe that lives in the area.
	And that even Hill was passed out from an old tribe its name from a tribe living in the area.
	It's even the mountains from an old tribe, it's names from a tribe living in the area.
	It was even the mountains that came from an old tribe whose name was from a tribe living in the area.
	It's even a mountain that's passed out from an ancient tribe its name from the tribe who lives in the area.
	This even mountain passes out from an ancient tribe of names from a tribe that lives in the area.
	This even hill came from an old tribe whose name it's from a tribe living in the area.
	It's even the mountain passing from an old tribe whose name it is from a tribe that lives in the area.
	It's even a mountain coming out of an ancient tribe its name from a tribe that lives in the area.
	It's not even mountain from an ancient tribe that's called it from a tribe living in the area.
	This even mountains pass from an old tribe its name from a tribe which lives in the area.
	The name of the mountain range originates from one of the ancient tribes living in the area.
	The names of those mountains came from one of the ancient tribes living in the area.
	These mountains are named after an ancient tribe that resides in the area.
	This mountain range is known as an ancient tribe living in the area.
	The name of the mountain range was from an ancient tribe that was living in the area.
	The names of the mountains come from an ancient tribe living in the area.
	The names of these mountains are from an ancient tribe living in the area.
	These mountain range names are from an ancient tribe which lives in the area.
	The name of the mountain range was taken from an ancient tribe living in the area.
	The name of these mountains came from one of the ancient tribes living in the area.
	It's a series of mountains called from an ancient tribe... an ancient tribe that lives here.
	And this series of mountains it's named after an ancient tribe, an old tribe that resides here.
	This series of mountains is named by the ancient tribe, an ancient tribe living here.
	A series of mountain ranges, the name of which is drawn from an old tribe, an ancient tribe that lives here.
	This whole range is named from the ancient tribe, the ancient tribe that lives here.
	And this chain of mountains, it's known for its name, is an ancient tribe, one which lives here in this land, an ancient tribe.
	It's called a tribe of ancient nations and an old tribe, which lives there, that's where they come from, and what's left of it.
	The name of the mountain range is a long-standing tribe, an ancient tribe where it lives.
	This series of mountains, its name was from an ancient tribe that lived here, an ancient tribe.
	This whole series of mountains, it's called an ancient tribe, an ancient tribe who lives here.
	The names of this series of mountain ranges originated in one of the region's ancient tribes.
	The names of this mountain series were derived from an ancient tribe in the region.
	This chain of mountains has their name from an ancient tribe in the region.
	This series of hills has their name coming from an ancient tribe in the region.
	This chain of mountain ranges originated from an old tribe in the region.
	This sequence of mountains has been named by a long-standing tribe in the region.
	The name of this chain of mountains has originated from an ancient tribe in the region.
	The name of the chain of mountains is a legacy of an old tribe in the region.
	This series of mountains originated in the name of an old tribe in the region.
	The name of the chain of hills was taken from an ancient tribe in the region.
	This series of hill titles came from an ancient clan of the area, which is located in the area.
	The name of this network of hills is derived from an ancient tribe in the region, which is located in the area.
	The name of the series of hills came from a ancient tribe in the area, which is located in the area.
	The name of this series of hills came from an ancient tribe in the region which is located in the area.
	The names of these series of hills were drawn from the region's oldest clans, which are located in the area.
	The name of this series of hill lines was taken from an ancient tribe within the region, which is located there.
	The title of the network came from an ancient tribe of the area, which is located in the area.
	The name of the line of mountains comes from an ancient tribe in the area, which is located in the area.
	The names of this series of hills came from an old tribe in the area, where it is located.
	The names of the series of hills come from an ancient tribe in the area, which is located in the area.
	This chain of hills comes from an ancient tribe that lives in the region and replaces it.
	This chain of mountain is from an old clan that live in the area to replace it.
	The chain of mountains was made from an ancient tribe which lived in this area and replaced it.
	This chain of mountains was from an ancient tribe that was living in this area to replace it.
	This chain of hills comes from a ancient tribe that is now living in this area to replace it.
	The chain mountains came from an ancient tribe that lived in the area and replaced them.
	This chain of hills is coming from an old tribe that lives in the area to replace it.
	This mountain chain came from a ancient tribe that lived in this area and replaced it.
	This chain of mountains came from an ancient tribe which lived in the area to replace it.
	The chain of mountains was from an ancient tribe that lived in this part of the world and had replaced it.
	This mountain family's name is derived from the old tribes here where they're living.
	The name of this mountain family derives from the ancient tribe that lives here.
	The name of this mountain system originates from an ancient tribe that lives here.
	It was the name of the mountain line that originated from the old tribe that resides here.
	The name of this mountain system originates in the ancient tribes living in this part of the country.
	This mountain chain's name is drawn from the ancient tribe that lives here.
	The name of the chain of mountains comes from the ancient tribes that live here.
	The name of this hill line is derived from the old tribe, where this place resides.
	The name of this mountain is derived from the ancient tribe that lives here.
	This mountain system's name is derived from the ancient tribe that lives here.
	And the mountain range was replaced by an ancient tribe, who lived in the area.
	This series of mountains has been replaced by an ancient tribe that lives in the area.
	The mountains of this series were taken over by an old tribe who lived in the area.
	The range of mountains was replaced by an old tribe living in the area.
	This mountain series is being replaced by an old tribe that lives in the area.
	The mountain line is replaced by an ancient tribe that lives in the area.
	This range of mountains was replaced by an old tribe who lives in the area.
	This range of mountains is replaced by an old tribe living in the area.
	This line of mountain ranges is replaced by an old tribe living in the area.
	This chain of mountains has been replaced by an ancient tribe that lives in the area.
	The mountain chain takes the name of its country from an old tribe living in the area.
	That string of mountain areas removed their country's name from an ancient clan that lived in the area.
	This chain of mountains draws its country name from one of the old tribes that lives in this part of the country.
	This sequence of mountainous areas takes its country name from an ancient tribe living in the area.
	This series of mountain areas took the name of its country from an ancient tribe living in the area.
	This sequence of mountainous areas takes its name out of an old tribe that lives in the area.
	This series of mountainous areas drew the name of their country from an ancient tribe living in that part of the country.
	The mountain chain takes its name out of an ancient tribe that lives in the area.
	This chain of mountain areas takes the name of the country from an ancient tribe that lives in the area.
	The mountain chain has its country name taken from an ancient tribe that lives in the area.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
Top 100 Translations
	Scientists observed a strange development in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed an odd phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed that there has been an unusual phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	There was a strange event in the atmosphere of Mars observed by scientists.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon occurring in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observed a strange thing happening in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have seen a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed that a weird phenomenon has occurred in the atmosphere of Mars.
	The scientists discovered a strange phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars and they discovered a strange phenomena in that atmosphere, and scientists thought that there was a strange phenomenon on Mars.
	Scientists found this strange phenomenon in the atmosphere on Mars, and they found that there's a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere on Mars, and the scientists think there's an unusual phenomenon in Mars.
	The scientists found a peculiar phenomenon in Mars' atmosphere, where scientists found that there is also a strange thing in Mars, and the scientists believe that there is a strange phenomenon in Mars.
	Scientists have found an extraordinary phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars, and scientists have discovered a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars, as scientists have suggested, which is a strange phenomenon in Mars.
	Scientists found a peculiar thing on Mars, as scientists discovered, too, that there was something weird in Mars, and scientists found there was something strange going on on on Mars.
	Scientists found something strange in the atmosphere of Mars where scientists found out there is also a weird phenomenon, and scientists think there's a strange phenomenon in Mars.
	Scientists find an extraordinary event in the atmosphere of Mars, and scientists discover that there's a strange thing going on in the atmosphere of Mars... and scientists find that there's this strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	And scientists find that there's also a weird phenomenon, and in the atmosphere of Mars scientists think that there's an odd phenomenon that's happening on Mars.
	And scientists discovered a strange thing in Mars' atmosphere that was also a strange thing that they found in the atmosphere, and scientists believed was a weird thing in Mars.
	The scientists discovered something strange in the atmosphere on Mars and the scientists find a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere, which, according to scientists, is something strange in Mars.
	Scientists have already observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have seen a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already seen an odd phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed a peculiar phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	A strange phenomenon in the atmosphere on Mars has already been observed by scientists.
	Scientists have already observed a peculiar phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	A strange phenomenon has been observed by scientists in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a strange occurrence in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	A strange phenomenon on Mars' atmosphere has been observed by scientists.
	Scientists have already observed a peculiar event in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed an extraordinary phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have seen a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have seen an odd phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have seen a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists had already observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed odd phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Research scientists have observed the odd phenomena that are occurring in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed strange phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed peculiar phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have seen weird phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed odd phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed strange phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already seen strange phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed strange phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed how odd things happen in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed an alarming phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed an unusual phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have already observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	A strange event in Mars atmosphere has been observed by scientists.
	A strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars has been observed by scientists.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a bizarre phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have seen a curious phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have seen a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed an odd phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observed that a strange phenomenon had taken place in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observed an odd phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observe a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed that a strange phenomenon occurs in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have seen a strange event occurring in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed that an unusual phenomenon is occurring in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observe that there is something strange in the atmosphere of Mars.
	The scientists have observed that a strange phenomenon has taken place in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed an odd phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have noticed an odd phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have noted that there is a strange phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed an extraordinary phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists note a peculiar phenomenon that has occurred in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists note that a peculiar phenomenon occurs in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists note that there is an exceptional phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists notice that an extraordinary phenomenon is observed in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have noted a singular phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observed that there is a peculiar phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have noticed an extraordinary event that has taken place in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists are observing an unusual phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	A strange phenomenon had been observed by scientists in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observed an extraordinary phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observe a unique phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a unique phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed an extraordinary phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists have observed a peculiar phenomenon in the atmosphere of Mars.
	A peculiar phenomenon was observed by scientists in the atmosphere of Mars.
	In the atmosphere on Mars, scientists are seeing this strange phenomenon and scientists find some strange behaviors in the atmosphere on Mars.
	And in the atmosphere on Mars, scientists have observed a strange phenomenon... and they have discovered some weird phenomena in the atmosphere of Mars.
	Scientists observed something very strange in the atmosphere of Mars and scientists discovered a number of odd phenomena from Mars.
	Within Mars, scientists have observed an odd phenomenon in the atmosphere, and they have found some kind of strange phenomenon on Mars.
	And there's something strange about the atmosphere of Mars, and scientists have found some strange things on Mars.
	In the Mars atmosphere, scientists have seen a weird phenomenon: scientists have detected some strange behaviors from Mars.
	In Mars atmosphere, scientists have observed a very strange phenomenon... and scientists have discovered some kind of eccentricity on Mars.
	Scientists have seen a strange thing in the atmosphere of Mars, and scientists found something strange from Mars.
	Scientists have seen a strange phenomenon in the atmosphere on Mars and they have discovered some strange things from Mars.
	In the atmosphere on Mars, scientists are observing an odd phenomenon, and the scientists are discovering some weird phenomena from Mars.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I owe my sisters a huge debt of gratitude for the way they've helped me out in recent years.
Top 100 Translations
	I owe my sisters a huge thank-you for the way they have helped me... and they have helped me in recent years.
	I'm owed to my sisters a great thanks for the way they've helped me and they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe to my sisters a great deal of thanks for the way they've been helping me... and they have been helping me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great deal of gratitude for the ways they helped me... for the last few years, they've helped me.
	I owe my sisters a great deal of thanks for their way of helping me... and they've already helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sister a huge debt of gratitude for the way they helped me... and over the last few years, they've helped me.
	I owe my sisters a huge thank-you to the way they helped me... they've helped me in the last few years.
	I owe my sister a great deal of gratitude for the manner in which they have helped me... and they have helped me in recent years.
	I owe to my sisters a great deal of gratitude for the ways they've helped me... in recent years, they've helped me.
	I owe my sister a huge debt of gratitude for the ways in which they helped me-- and in recent years, they've helped me.
	I owe my sister a great debt of gratitude the way they have helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sister a huge debt of gratitude for the way they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my siblings a huge debt of appreciation the way they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a huge gratitude for the ways they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a huge gratitude for the way they've helped me in recent years.
	I owed my sisters a great deal of gratitude for their ways of helping me in recent years.
	I owed my sister a huge gratitude for the way they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great debt of gratitude for the ways they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great debt of gratitude for the way they helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great deal of gratitude for their ways of helping me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great deal of thanks... for the way they've been helping me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a huge debt of gratitude for the manner in which they have been helping me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters an awful debt of gratitude for the way in which they had helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great deal of thanks for the ways in which they have been helping me in recent years.
	I am indebted to my sisters for their great appreciation of the way in which they have been helping me in recent years.
	And I owe my sisters a great debt of appreciation for the way in which they have been helping me in recent years.
	I thanked my sisters a great debt of thanks for the way they have been trying to help me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a huge debt of gratitude for the way in which they have been assisting me in recent years.
	I am indebted to my sisters for their enormous thanks for the manner in which they have helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great debt of thanks for the way they've been trying to help me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a debt of gratitude for the ways in which they have helped me in the last few years.
	I owe my sisters an awful lot to you for the way they've helped me over the last few years.
	I owe my sisters a debt of great thanks for the ways in which they have helped me in recent years.
	And I owe my sisters a great debt of gratitude, for the way they've been helping me in recent years.
	I'm really grateful to my sisters, for the ways in which they have helped me in recent years.
	I owe them a huge debt of gratitude for the way in which they have helped me in recent years.
	And I owe my sisters a heavy debt of gratitude for the way they had helped me in recent years.
	And I owe my sisters a great deal of gratitude for the manner in which they had been able to help me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great gratitude for what they have done to help me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great debt of gratitude for the help they've given me in recent years.
	I'm indebted to my sisters. I'm grateful for the manner in which they have helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sister a tremendous debt of gratitude for the ways that they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great deal of appreciation for the manner in which they have assisted me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a lot of gratitude for the ways in which they have helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a heavy debt of gratitude for the manner in which they have been trying to help me in recent years.
	You know, I owe my girls a great deal of gratitude for the manner in which they have helped me in recent years.
	And I owe my sisters a deep debt of gratitude for how much they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my brothers a great debt of gratitude for what they've done for me in recent years.
	I owe all my sisters a great deal of gratitude for the way they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a heavy debt of gratitude for the way they've helped me in recent years.
	I'm so grateful to your sisters for the help they have been doing me in recent years... for everything that I've done to your sister's support in recent years.
	I appreciate the way my sisters have helped me in the last few years. I thank them for all you have done for me in the last few years.
	And I'm very grateful to you for the way my sisters have been able to help me in these last few years. I thank you very much for what you have been doing for me in these last few years.
	And I'm so grateful for the way in which sisters have helped me in recent years and I thank the sisters very much for everything you've done for me in recent years.
	I am so grateful for how the sisters have helped me over the last few years, how I have been so grateful to the sisters... for what they have done for me over the last few years.
	I'm grateful to the sisters for how they helped me in recent years, for the manner in which I have thanked the sisters for everything that you've been doing for me in recent years.
	I really appreciate the ways the sisters have helped me in recent years, and I thank all of them for what you've done for me in recent years.
	And I am very much grateful for the manner in which my sisters have been assisting me over the years, and for all you've done for me over the last few years.
	I'd be so grateful for the way sisters have been able to help me in recent years, and I'd like to thank them for whatever you guys have done for me in recent years.
	I thank them for the way the sisters helped me in the last years, and I thank them for all they've done for me in the last few years.
	I owe my sisters a debt of gratitude for the way they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great debt of gratitude for the manner in which they have helped me in recent years.
	I owe my girls a debt of gratitude for the way they have helped me in the last few years.
	And I owe my girls a debt of appreciation for the ways they've helped me in recent years.
	And I am very grateful to my sisters for the ways in which they've assisted me in recent years.
	My sisters owe me a debt of thanks for the ways they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a debt and a debt of gratitude for the manner in which they've helped me in recent years.
	And I owe my sisters a debt of gratitude for the way in which they've helped me in recent years.
	And I'm indebted to the sisters for the way they've been helping me in recent years.
	I am very grateful to all my sisters for the way they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a great deal of gratitude for all the help they've been able to provide me with in recent years.
	I owe you a great deal of gratitude to my sister for the help they've given me in recent years.
	- I owe my sisters a lot of thanks for all they have done for my help in recent years.
	I have a lot of gratitude from my sisters for all the help they have given me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters a lot of appreciation for their efforts to assist me in recent years.
	I'll owe my sisters a great debt of gratitude to them for helping me in the last few years.
	I owe my sisters a lot of appreciation for their help in helping me over the last few years.
	And I'm indebted to my sisters for all the support they have given me in recent years.
	I owe the sisters a debt of gratitude for the help they have been making for me in recent years.
	I owed my sisters a lot of gratitude for the assistance they've provided me in recent years.
	And I owe the sisters a huge thank you and the way they've helped me in recent years.
	I owe a huge debt of gratitude to the sisters... for the way they have helped me... for the last few years.
	I owe the sisters a great debt of gratitude in the way that they have been helping me in the last few years.
	I owe them a huge gratitude... for the way they have helped me... for the last few years.
	I owe my sisters an enormous thanks for the way they've been helping me in recent years.
	I owe our sisters a huge debt of gratitude the way they have helped me for the last few years.
	I owe my sisters a great appreciation for the ways in which they've helped me in the last few years.
	And I owe my sisters a great debt of appreciation in the way that they have helped me in the last few years.
	And I owe our sisters a lot of thanks in the way they've helped me in the last few years.
	I owe sisters a huge gratitude for the way they've been helping me the last few years.
	I owe the girls a great deal of gratitude for the way you've been helping me in recent years.
	I am grateful to our sisters for the manner in which they have been able to help me in the last few years.
	I owe my sisters enormous gratitude for the way in which you have helped me in the last few years.
	I owe my sisters the great gratitude for the way you've helped me in recent years.
	I owe my sisters huge gratitude for the way you've helped me in the last few years.
	I owe my sisters great appreciation for the way you've been trying to help me in the last few years.
	I'm very grateful to your sisters... for the way you've been helping me in the last few years.
	I owe you great gratitude for the way you have helped me for the last couple of years, and I owe you all a great debt of gratitude for the help you've given me.
	I owe the sisters great appreciation for the way you've helped me in recent years.
	I owe a great deal of gratitude to the sisters for the way that you guys have assisted me in the last few years.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Before we get under way, are there any questions you would like to ask me?
Top 100 Translations
	Before we begin, is there any other question you wish to ask me?
	Before we start, do you have anything else you'd like to ask me?
	Do you have any questions that you would like me to ask you before we start?
	Before we start, is there anything else you'd like to ask me?
	Before we start, are there any more questions you'd like to ask me?
	Before we start, are there any further questions you'd like to ask me?
	Before we get started, do you have any other questions you'd like to ask me?
	Do you want to ask me anything else before we start?
	Before we start, what else do you have to ask me?
	Before we start there, does there anything more that you want to ask me?
	Before we start, do you want to ask me any more questions?
	Before we get started, are you gonna ask me any more questions?
	Before we start, are there any other questions you'd like to ask me?
	So before we get started, do you want to ask me any more questions?
	Before we start... do you have any more questions for me?
	Before we begin, are you going to ask me any more questions?
	Before we start, do you have any more questions for me?
	Do you still have any questions for me before we start?
	Before we start... do you have any more questions for me?
	Did you have any more questions for me before we started?
	So, before we start, do you have any questions that you would like to ask me?
	You got any questions for me before we start?
	Before we start, what'd you have to ask me?
	Before we get started, is there any question you'd like to ask me?
	Now before we start, what do you have to ask me?
	Before we begin, are there any questions you'd like to ask me?
	Do you have a question for me before we start?
	Before we can start, do you have any questions for me?
	Before we get started, are there any questions you'd like to ask me?
	Before we begin, do you have any questions for me?
	Do you want to answer any questions before we start?
	Do you guys wanna ask a question before we start?
	Before we start, are there any questions you would like to ask us?
	Do you want to ask any questions before we start?
	Before we start, do you wanna ask me any questions?
	So, before we start, is there any question you want to ask me?
	You want to know what questions you want to ask us before we start?
	Do you want to ask me anything before we start?
	Before we start, do you have any questions you want to ask me?
	So before we start, do you have any questions you'd like to ask me?
	Before we step into that, do you have anything you want to ask me?
	Do you have any questions that you want to ask me before we drive in?
	Do you have any questions before we're on my way in?
	You have anything to ask me before we move in?
	Before we go in, do you want to ask me anything?
	Before we go in, you got any questions you need to ask me?
	You have any questions you'd like to ask me before we go in?
	Before we drive, you have any questions for me?
	Before we go in, would there be any questions you want to ask me?
	So before we make this journey, are there any questions you would like to ask me?
	Before we start you want to ask me any more questions?
	Before we do, do you have further questions for me?
	Are there any other questions you want to ask me before we start?
	Are you gonna ask me any more questions before we start?
	Before we start, would you have any questions for me?
	Do you have any more questions for me before we start?
	So before we begin, do you have any questions for me?
	- Do you have more questions for me before we start?
	Do you still want to ask me questions before we get started?
	Do you have any more questions for me before we start to pull these off? No, no. I didn't.
	Before action, do you have any questions you would like to ask me?
	Before action, have you any questions that you want to ask me?
	Before action, did you ever have any questions you wanted to ask me?
	Before action, have you got any questions that you'd like to ask me?
	- Before action, do you have any questions you want to ask me?
	Before you move, are you going to ask me any questions?
	Before you go for the act, do you have any questions you'd like to ask me?
	Before action, you got any questions you want to ask me?
	Do you have any questions you'll have for me before action is taken?
	Before you move on, did you have any questions you'd like to ask me?
	You want to ask me anything before we start?
	Before you begin, are you going to ask me any questions?
	Before you do, do you want to ask me any questions?
	Would you like to ask me anything before we start?
	Before we go ahead, do you want to ask me any questions?
	Before we do, would you like to ask me anything?
	Before I go, would you like to ask me any questions?
	And before I start, would you like to ask me any questions?
	Before we begin, would you like to ask me any questions?
	Before you start, do you want to ask me any questions?
	Do you have any questions before you begin your mission to ask me?
	Do you have any further questions to ask me before you're on your way to action?
	Do you still want to ask me any more questions before you take up the operation?
	Before you start working, would you like to ask me any more questions?
	Do you want to ask me any questions before you begin your opportunism?
	Before you start acting, do you have any more questions for me?
	Before we begin our operations, do you have any questions that you'd like to ask me?
	Before you start your operations, would you have any questions for me?
	Do you have any questions you would like to ask me before you start the operation?
	Before you go on the mission, do you have any more questions for me?
	So before we begin, do you have any questions that you would like to ask about me, or anything else that I'd like to ask you?
	So before we start, do you have any questions that you want to ask me, or do you have anything else that I can ask you?
	Before we go there, are you going to ask me some questions or is there anything I want to ask you?
	Do you have any questions you want to ask me before you start asking me, and do you have anything else I need to ask you?
	Any questions for us before we get started, do we have any questions for you?
	You know before you get started, do you got any questions for me, do you think there's anything you want to ask?
	Do you have a question, before we get started, what more do you want to ask?
	Before you start, do you have any questions for us, anything else that you might like to ask?
	Before we start, you have any questions to ask, any more questions to ask?
	Before we begin, do you have any questions to ask you, anything else you'd like to ask?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: She cried all through what was supposed to be a light-hearted film about rabbits.
Top 100 Translations
	She weeps all over that shallow film that was supposed to be about rabbits.
	She'd cry all over that thin movie that she's supposed to be on about rabbits.
	She's been crying all over the shallow movie that's supposed to be about rabbits.
	She'd been crying all over this shallow movie that she should have been on about rabbits.
	She cried all the way to the shallow movies that were supposed to be about rabbits.
	She cried all over those shallow films she was supposed to have on rabbits.
	She cried all over what she'd be doing to those shallow movies about rabbits.
	She's been crying in the light movie that should have been about rabbits.
	And she was crying out for what she should've been doing in a shallow movie about rabbits.
	She cried all over what she was supposed to be with a shallow movie about rabbits.
	She cried out and said it was supposed to be shallow movies about rabbits.
	She cried out loud and complained that this film should be shallow about a rabbit movie.
	She cried out loud, crying out that this was supposed to be a shallow picture of rabbits.
	She cried out loud and she said it's supposed to be shallow film about rabbits.
	And she screamed and cried out and said that this movie should be light-blooded about the rabbit's movie.
	She cried out loud about this movie that should have been shallow about the rabbit movie.
	So she was crying out, crying about the film, and it should've been shallow, about that rabbit movie.
	She cried loudly and cried out the film should have been shallow about rabbits' movies.
	She cried loudly and cried out that the film would have been shallow about the rabbit movie.
	And she cries out and she says the film is supposed to be shallow movie about rabbits.
	It was supposed to be a light movie about rabbits, and that was all over her, and she started crying and crying like a little girl, and she was always crying.
	She cried all the time and that was supposed to be a nice, soft movie about rabbits.
	And she cried so much, that it should've been a lightly-minded movie about rabbits.
	She was crying. That's supposed to be a soft movie of rabbits.
	She cried all the time and that was supposed to be a softer movie about rabbits.
	She was crying all over. It'd have been a soft little movie about rabbits.
	She cried so much that was supposed to be the soft movie about rabbits.
	And she cried so hard that it would have been such a soft movie about rabbits.
	She cried all the time, that should've been a light movie about rabbits.
	She cried all the time. That should have been a tender film about rabbits.
	She cried a lot because it was meant to be a soft film about rabbits and was thus crying out all over the place.
	She cried in such a terrible state, as it was a tender film about the rabbit that she cried all over the place.
	She cried because it was supposed to be a tender movie about a rabbit and, as a result, the tears were twilightly turned upside down.
	She cried a bit, because it was supposed to be a soft movie about rabbits, which had caused her to scream and thus to weep aloud.
	She started crying like a bitch because she was a soft film on rabbits and as a result of that she was crying all over the place.
	She cried all over because it was supposed to be a soft movie about rabbits and, consequently, it was repulsed by her crying all over the place.
	She cried so badly because she was supposed to be a tender film about the rabbit that she cried, and so she cried so much.
	She was crying, because she had been a soft movie about rabbits, and that was why she cried aloud.
	She cried all the time, because it was supposed to be a soft movie about rabbits, and so she started crying all over the place.
	She was crying out because she was a soft movie about the rabbit and she cried back and forth.
	She was crying through a film that was supposed to be about the rabbits, downplaying that downplayed it.
	She cried through a film that should have been about the rabbits who had downplayed it.
	She cried with a low-profile film she was meant to be about rabbits.
	And she was crying through a video that could've been about rabbits with a little downplay.
	She's cryin' through an underrated film that's supposed to be about rabbits.
	She used to cry with a thin-cut video about rabbits.
	She was crying through a video that was supposed to be about rabbits and that's an inflated and downplaying film.
	She cried from a film she should have been about rabbits that was downplayed.
	She cried through a film she was supposed to be about rabbits, downplaying it.
	She was going through a downplayed video about rabbits crying.
	She's shouting out to make a shallow film about rabbits.
	She shouted and yelled to make a shallow movie on the rabbit's love.
	She shouted a film about rabbit's low-willing love, and called out for a picture of the hare.
	I think she shouted out to get a light-hearted movie about rabbits.
	And she screams out, she wants to make a picture of what's going on with rabbits.
	She's screaming and screaming for a light-hearted movie about rabbits.
	And she screamed and cried that she was gonna make a light movie about rabbit's love.
	She shouted she was going to make a light-minded movie about rabbits.
	She screamed out to show a thin-hearted picture of rabbits.
	She's yelling at me, she's making a small movie on the rabbit's love.
	She was crying out a soft movie about the rabbits that she was going to make.
	And she cried out a lightly film of a rabbit she was about to make.
	She sang in tears a soft movie about a rabbit that she was supposed to make.
	She cried out a soft film she was gonna make about rabbits.
	She cried out a light movie about the rabbit that she was going to make.
	She started singing a soft movie about a rabbit that was meant to be filmed in tears.
	She cried out the soft film of the rabbits that she was about to make.
	She was crying and sang a soft film she was about to make about rabbits.
	She cries out a soft film about the rabbits that was about to be filmed.
	And she was crying out a soft film about rabbits.
	She cried and said, "The movie's a light-hearted picture of rabbits."
	She's crying and crying and she's crying and she writes about it, and the movie is just a light-hearted movie about rabbits.
	She cried out, and she wrote that this movie was a careless, little thing about rabbits.
	She made it out, weeping, and that film was a sensitive movie of rabbits.
	She cried out and wrote, "The film is a carefree piece about rabbits."
	And she cries and she writes... that that movie was a sensitive movie about rabbits.
	And she's been crying and crying and crying and she's writing it's a light-hearted picture about rabbits.
	She was crying out that that film was just a careless movie about rabbits.
	And she cried out to tears and wrote that it was just a sensitive movie about rabbits.
	She was crying and she wrote, like, that movie. It was a gentle, heartless movie about rabbits.
	She cried for the rabbit movie that was supposed to be bright.
	She cries over that beautiful film that's supposed to be rabbit.
	She was weeping over the rabbit film that was supposed to be radiant.
	She cried for the one who was supposed to be gleaming in the rabbit's movie.
	She's crying about a movie that is supposed to be luminous of rabbits.
	She cried about the harebread movie which was supposed to be plentiful.
	She was crying for a movie that was supposed to be bright with the rabbit.
	She cries about the movie, which is supposed to be the best, of rabbits.
	She was crying over a movie that was supposed to be luminous.
	She was crying about a movie that had been supposed to be a luminous rabbit.
	She screamed at a film which was supposed to be a light movie about rabbits.
	She shouted a movie that was supposed to be an easy-to-be movie on rabbits.
	She yelled a movie that should have been easy on rabbits.
	She yelled that a movie was supposed to be a light-handed one about rabbits.
	She yelled for a film that could've been an easy one about rabbits.
	And she yelled out that she should have been a light-and-shut movie about rabbits.
	And she shouted at a simple film about rabbits.
	She was yelling that a movie should have been a simple one about rabbits.
	She yells a simple movie that's supposed to be about rabbits.
	And she was yelling a film that was supposed to be a easy one about rabbits.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I firmly believe him to be innocent of the crime.
Top 100 Translations
	I firmly believe that he is innocent without responsibility and without culpability.
	I strongly believe that he is both innocent and uncircumcised.
	It is my firm opinion that he is innocent and that he is not guilty.
	I am convinced that he is innocent and that there should be no justice for him.
	I strongly believe that he is not guilty of crimes, and that he is not guilty of such crimes.
	I strongly believe that he is innocent, innocent and beyond the bounds of the law.
	I strongly believe that he is innocent and that there are no impunity for such acts.
	I believe strongly that he is innocent without charge and without penalty.
	I strongly believe that he has no responsibility and will not suffer any punishment.
	I strongly feel that he is not guilty of anything and is not guilty of anything.
	I am convinced that he is an innocent person for the crimes he has committed.
	I strongly believe he was an innocent man in a crime.
	I am firm in the conviction that he was an innocent person in a crime.
	I am sure that he is the innocent man of the crime.
	I am convinced that he is the innocent one of the crimes that are being committed.
	I strongly believe he's an innocent person in a crime.
	I firmly believe that he is an innocent person in the commission of a crime.
	I firmly believe that he was an innocent man in a crime.
	I am convinced that he is the innocent person who has committed a crime.
	I strongly believe that he was an innocent perpetrator of a crime.
	I firmly believe in the innocence of his own and I am convinced that his innocence was at stake in this crime.
	I firmly believe he was innocent, and I am certain he is innocent of this crime.
	I strongly believe in his innocence, and in him, I believe, in his innocence, that he is innocent of this crime.
	I firmly believe he's innocent of this crime. I believe that he is innocent of this crime.
	I am convinced that he is innocent of this crime and I strongly believe that he is innocent of this crime.
	I strongly believe in his innocence, and I strongly believe in his innocentness in the commission of this crime.
	I am convinced that he is innocent and I am convinced that he is innocent of this crime.
	It is my conviction that he is innocent and I am convinced that he is innocent of this crime.
	I firmly believe he is innocent of this crime. I believe in his innocence of this crime.
	I strongly believe that he is innocent, and I firmly believe that he is innocent of this crime.
	I firmly believe that he had nothing to do with the crime.
	It is my firm view that he has nothing to do with the crime.
	My firm belief is that he had nothing to do with the crime.
	I firmly think that he had nothing to do with the crime.
	I strongly believe that he had nothing to do with the crime.
	I firmly believe that he has nothing to do with the crime.
	I strongly believe that he has nothing to do with the crime.
	And I firmly believe that he has nothing to do with the crime.
	I firmly believe him not to have anything to do with the crime.
	I firmly do not believe he has anything to do with the crime.
	And I strongly believe he is not guilty of this crime.
	I am sure that he is not guilty of this crime.
	I firmly believe that he would not be guilty of such a crime.
	I firmly believe he would not commit the crime of which he is not guilty.
	I am convinced that he is not guilty of this crime.
	I am firmly convinced that he is innocent of the offenses of which he is not guilty.
	I firmly believe he would be innocent and not guilty of this crime.
	I firmly believe that he will not be guilty of this crime.
	I strongly believe that he is not guilty of this crime.
	I firmly believe that he is not guilty of this crime.
	I have a strong conviction that he is innocent with a crime.
	I am strongly convinced that he is innocent with the crime.
	I have no doubt he's innocent of the crime he's been guilty of.
	I firmly believe that he's innocent with the crime.
	- I'm very confident he was innocent with the sins. - That's right.
	I have the firm belief that he is innocent of the crimes that he has committed.
	And I firmly believe he is innocent and guilty of what he's been accused of.
	I firmly believe he's innocent with the crime.
	I have every confidence he's innocent with a crime.
	And I'm convinced of his innocence with the crime.
	I firmly believe that he has nothing to do with guilt but to be innocent.
	I strongly believe that he was innocent when he was involved in sin.
	I firmly believe he has something to do with the sins, and that he has nothing to do with them.
	I am convinced that he has something to do with sins, but he has nothing to do with them.
	I strongly believe he has something to do with sin, to the point where he's innocent.
	I am certain that he has been innocent, because of the guilt he has to do with it.
	I believe that he is innocent of the sins he has to do with them.
	I believe he has something to do with sin and he's innocent.
	I am sure he has a connection to the sins and is innocent.
	I strongly believe that he is innocent of the sins that he has to do with them.
	I am firmly of the view that he has nothing to do with this crime.
	I believe strongly that he is innocent of the crime with whom it has been committed.
	I am strongly of the view that he is innocent of this crime.
	I am firmly of the view that he is innocent of this crime.
	And I believe strongly that he is innocent of this crime.
	It is my firm view that he and this crime will be unbelievably innocent.
	I am firmly of the opinion that he is innocent of this crime.
	I firmly believe he is innocent of this crime.
	I strongly believe that he is innocent of this crime.
	I firmly believe he is innocent of this crime.
	I firmly believe he was not guilty of that crime and I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I am convinced that he is innocent of that crime and I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I am sure that he is not guilty of the crime, and I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I strongly believe that he is not guilty of the crime, and I firmly believe that he is innocent.
	I am sure he is innocent of that crime, and I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I am sure he is not innocent of that crime, and I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I have the firm conviction that he is innocent of that crime, and I have the firm conviction that he is innocent.
	I am firmly convinced that he is innocent of this crime, and I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I firmly believe that he is not innocent of that crime, and I firmly believe that he is innocent.
	It is my firm belief that he is innocent of that crime and I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I firmly believe in his innocence, and I firmly believe in his innocence.
	I am confident of his innocence. I am convinced of his innocence.
	I'm sure he's innocent and I'm sure he's innocent.
	I am convinced that he is innocent and that I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I am convinced that he is innocent, and I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I am sure that he is innocent. I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I have a firm belief in his innocence and I do not doubt in his innocence.
	I am convinced that he is innocent. I am convinced that he is innocent.
	I'm sure he's innocent. I'm confident he's innocent.
	I am certain that he is innocent, and I am convinced that he is innocent.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: After her computer was struck by a virus, she was unable to retrieve the accountant files she needed.
Top 100 Translations
	Her computer was hit by the virus and she was not able to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	Her computer was hit by a virus and she was unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	Her computer was attacked by the virus and she could not get the accounting documents she needed.
	Her computer was hit by the virus, and it was impossible to retrieve all the accounting documents she needed.
	Her computer has been affected by a virus and has not been able to access the accounting documents that she needs.
	Her computer had been hit by a virus and was unable to obtain the accounting papers that she needed.
	Her computer had been hit with the virus and had no access to the accounting documents she needed.
	Her computer is hit by a virus and is not able to access the accounting documents she needs.
	Her computer was affected by the virus and she was unable to access all the accounting documents she needed.
	The computer was hit by a virus and it was not able to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	She was unable to access the accounting documents she needed because her computer had been hit by a virus.
	She was unable to call her accounting file, which she needed, because of her computer's having been hit by the virus.
	She was hit by the virus by the computer and could not call on the accounting documents she needed.
	She was hit by the virus on her computer and she was unable to call up the accounting documents she needed.
	She was unable to call the accounting documents she needed because her computer had been hit by the virus.
	She was not able to use the accounting files she needed due to the virus which hit her computer.
	She was not able to summon the accounting documents she needed because her computer was hit by the virus.
	She was unable to call on the accounting documents she needed because of the viruses that hit her computer.
	She was hit by a virus on her computer and could not call on the accounting documents she needed.
	She was hit by a virus because of her computer, and was unable to call on the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer had been struck by a virus, she had been unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer had been hit by a virus, she was not able to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	After being hit by the virus, she did not have access to the accounting documents she needed.
	She was unable to access the accounting documents which she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	The accounting documents she needed were not made available to her after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	She could not access the accounting documents she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	After her computer was struck by a virus, she could not retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	She was unable to retrieve her need for accounting documents after her computer was hit by the virus.
	She was unable to retrieve any of her accounting documents that she needed after the virus hit her computer.
	She was unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed when her computer was hit by the virus.
	After her computer was hit by a virus, she was unable to retrieve the accounting documents that she needed.
	After her computer was hit by a virus, she was not able to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	She was unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	She was unable to retrieve the accounting documentation that she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	She was unable to retrieve any accounting documents that she required after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	After her computer was struck by the virus, she was not in a position to retrieve the accounting documents that she needed.
	She was able to retrieve the accounting files she required after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	After her computer was hit by the virus, she could not access the accounting documents she needed.
	She could not retrieve any of the accounting documents she needed after her computer was hit by the virus.
	She was unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	Following a virus attack against her computer, she could not retrieve the accounting documents that she needed.
	After her computer was hit by a virus, she was unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	After having been hit by a virus, she was unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer had been attacked by a virus she was not able to retrieve the accounting documents that she needed.
	After the virus had struck her computer she was unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	She was unable to recover the accounting files she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	She was not able to retrieve the accounting documents she required after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	She was unable to retrieve the accounting documents that she needed after she had suffered the virus attack on her computer.
	She was unable to retrieve the accounting documents that she needed after her computers had been attacked by the virus.
	She could not retrieve the accounting documents she needed following the viral attack on her computer.
	After the virus struck her computer, she had no access to the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer was hit by the virus, she was unable to retrieve the accounting documents that she needed.
	After her computer was attacked by a virus, she was not able to access the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer was hit by a viral virus, it was impossible for her to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	She was not able to access the accounting documents that she was in need after her computer had been attacked by a virus.
	She could not retrieve the accounting documents she needed in the wake of the virus attack on her computer.
	She could not retrieve the accounting documentation that she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	After she was attacked by the virus, she was unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer was attacked by the virus, she was unable to retrieve the accounting documents she needed.
	She was unable to retrieve the accounting documents that she required following the virus attack on her computer.
	She could not retrieve the accounting documents she needed after a viral attack on her computer.
	Following the viral attacks on her computers, she was not able to retrieve any of the accounting documents that she needed.
	She was unable to retrieve any accounting documents she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	She was not able to recover the accounting document she needed following the attack on her computer by the virus.
	After her computer was attacked by a virus, she was unable to recover the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer had been attacked by the virus, she was not in a position to retrieve any of the accounting documents she needed.
	After the virus hit her computer, she was not in a position to recover the accounting documents she needed.
	She was unable to retrieve the accounting documentation she needed following the virus attack on her computer.
	She was unable to retrieve any accounting documents she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	After the virus hit her computer, she had been unable to retrieve what she needed as an accounting document.
	After her computer was infected with the virus, she was unable to get the accounting documents she needed.
	She did not have access to the accounting documents that she needed after her computer was infected with the virus.
	After her computer was infected with the virus, she could not get the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer was infected by the virus she was not able to access the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer was infected with the virus, she could not access the accounting documents she needed.
	She could not get the accounting documents she needed after her computer had been infected with the virus.
	She was unable to access the accounting documents she needed after her computer had been infected by the virus.
	After her computer was infected by the virus, she was not able to access the accounting documents she needed.
	She was not able to obtain the accounting documents she needed after her computer had been infected by the virus.
	She did not get the accounting papers she needed after her computer was infected with the virus.
	She was unable to obtain the accounting documents she required after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	She had been unable to obtain the accounting documents that she needed after the virus hit her computer.
	After her computer was hit by a virus, she could not obtain the accounting documents she needed.
	She was not able to get the accounting documentation she needed after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	She could not obtain the accounting documents which she needed following the hit of her computer by the virus.
	After her computer was hit by a virus, she was not in a position to obtain the accounting documents she needed.
	She was unable to obtain the accounting documents she needed following the hit on her computer by the virus.
	After she got hit by the virus in her computer, she was not able to obtain the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer was hit by the virus, she was unable to obtain the accounting documents she needed.
	She could not obtain her required accounting documents after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	After having been hit by a virus on her computer, she was not in a position to obtain all of the accounting documents that she needed.
	After being shot in her computer with the virus, she could not get the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer was hit by a virus, she could not obtain the accounting documents she needed.
	After she was hit by the virus on her computer, she was unable to get the accounting documents she needed.
	After her computer was hit with a virus, she could not obtain the accounting documents she needed.
	She had not had access to the accounting documents that she required after her computer had been hit by the virus.
	After her computer had been hit with a virus, she had not been able to obtain the accounting documents that she needed.
	After having been hit by a virus on her computer, she was unable to obtain the accounting documentation she needed.
	After she was hit by a virus on the computer she was unable to obtain any of the accounting documents she needed.
	She was not able to obtain the accounting documents she needed after she had been hit with the virus on her computer.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: An abandoned military base in the desert is the setting for Al Abner's latest sci-fi novel.
Top 100 Translations
	A abandoned military base in the desert was the scene of the most recent science fiction book by Al Abner.
	One of our abandoned military bases on the desert has been a scene of the latest science fiction by El Abna.
	One of the abandoned military bases in the desert is a scene of Al Abner's most recently published schizophrenic novel.
	And the abandoned military base in the desert is the scene of El Abna's latest science fiction.
	An abandoned military camp in the desert is where El Abna recently published a science fiction novel.
	The abandoned military base of the desert was a scene of Al Abbna's latest science fiction.
	An abandoned military camp in the desert was staged by Al Abunah's latest sci-fi novel.
	A desert military base in the desert was the scene of Al Abouner's latest science fiction.
	A deserted military base in the desert is an episode of Al Abna's new science fiction.
	A abandoned military base out in the desert is where Al Abner's most recent science fiction novel comes to the fore.
	An abandoned military base in the desert was Al Afna's latest Sci-fi story scene.
	A military base dumped in the desert is the scene of Al Avna's latest Sci-fi novel.
	A military base that was left in the desert is El Avner's newest Sci-fi story scene.
	One military base that was deserted in the desert was Al Afna's newest Sci-fi story scene.
	A military base abandoned in the desert was the latest sci-fi story scene by Al Afna.
	One military base abandoned to the desert was El Afna, the latest sci-fi story scene.
	A base in the desert, abandoned is Al Afna's recent sci-fi story scene.
	A military base that was abandoned in the desert was Al Afner's newest Sci-fi story scene.
	A military base abandoned in the desert is Al Afner's newest Sci-fi story scene.
	One of the military bases that is abandoned in the desert was El Avner's latest Sci-fi story scene.
	A abandoned military base in the desert is the latest science fiction novel by Al Abner.
	One of these abandoned military bases in the desert is an latest science fiction novel by Al Abner.
	An abandoned military site in the desert, the latest science fiction novel by Al Abner.
	A lost military base in the desert is the most recent science fiction in Al Abner.
	A deserted military base in the desert, is the latest science fiction novel by Al Abner.
	An abandoned military base in a desert, the latest Sci-fi novel by Al Abner.
	One abandoned base in a desert, the latest science fictional novel by Al Abner.
	One waste military base in a desert is the latest science fiction novel by Al Abner.
	A deserted military base in the desert is the latest sci-fi novel by Al Abner.
	An abandoned military base in a desert is the latest science fiction by Al Abner.
	The abandoned base in the desert is a new sci-fi scene by Al Abner.
	The abandoned military bases in the desert were the most recent creative scene of Al Abuna's science fiction.
	The military bases abandoned in the sand are also the most recent creation of Al Abunah's science fiction.
	The military establishment abandoned in the desert, is also Al Abunah's new creation of a science fiction novel.
	The military bases deserted in the desert have been the scene of Al Abner's new invention of science fiction.
	The military bases that were abandoned in the desert were also the new scene of Al Abna's new science fiction.
	The army bases abandoned in the desert are the new scene of Al Abuner's new science fiction.
	The military bases that have been abandoned in the desert are a new scene of Al Abunah's new "Sci-Fisdoms" choreography.
	An abandoned military base in the desert is also Al Abner's latest creation of Sci-fi.
	The military bases that were abandoned in the desert are a new scene of Al Abnah's latest science fiction.
	Abandoned army base in the desert. It's where Al Abner came from. The latest science fiction.
	The deserted military base in the desert was the source of Al Abdur's most recent sci-fi novel.
	Abandoned military bases in the desert are the source of Al Abnor's latest science fiction.
	The desert abandoned military base was the origin of Al-Abner's recent science fiction.
	The abandoned military base in the desert was the origin of Al Abnor's latest science fiction.
	The lost military base in the desert is where Al-Abnair began her latest sci-fi novel.
	The abandoned military base in the desert was the origins of Al-Abnah's latest science fiction.
	The abandoned military base in the desert is the source of Al Abner's latest science fiction.
	Abandoned military bases in the desert are home to Al Abner, who is the source of his latest sci-fi novel.
	The lost military bases in the desert were the origin of Al Abu-Nair's latest science fiction.
	A abandoned military base was set up in the desert by El Abner's latest Corfi novel.
	A abandoned military base in the desert is set up with an Al Abna's newest Corcoscopic novel.
	A abandoned military base in the desert is set for Al Abna's newest Corfi's novel.
	An abandoned military base is in the desert to set El Abner the latest Corfi novel.
	An abandoned military base in the desert was set up for the latest science novel by Al Abunah.
	An abandoned military base in the desert is set up by Al Abuna's last Corfi novel.
	An abandoned military base was in the desert to set Al Abner's newest kofi novel.
	A abandoned military base in the desert was set up with El Abner's latest Corfi novel.
	A abandoned military base was set up in the desert by Al Abner's latest Corfi novel.
	A abandoned military base in the desert was set up with Al Abu Na's latest Corfi novel.
	A abandoned military base in the desert was the source of the latest science novel by Al Abernat.
	In the desert, a military abandoned base is a source of Al Abedner's recent scientology novel.
	It's an abandoned military base in the desert that has been the source of Al Abenna's latest Scientology novel.
	The abandoned military base in the desert was the origin of Al Abner's most recent scientology novel.
	An abandoned military base in the desert has been the origin of Al-Aberna's latest scientology novel.
	An abandoned military base in the desert was the place where Al Abernathy's new latest Scientology novel originated.
	An abandoned military base in the desert is a source of the latest Scientology of Al Abernat's novel.
	The abandoned military base in the desert is the source of Al-Eberna's latest scientologic novel.
	One abandoned ground base in the desert is the home of Al Abernat's latest Scientology novel.
	A abandoned military base in the desert that is the origins of Al Abner's latest Scientology novel.
	The abandoned desert military base was the scene of Al Ebnar's latest science fiction, and the latest "Coffie" by Abner.
	The abandoned desert military base was the scenes of El Abner's latest science fiction. It was the latest "cofi" novel of Abourne.
	The defunct desert military base is Al Abner's latest science fiction story and Abner's latest "Kofy" novel.
	The abandoned desert military base was the scene of El Aubner's new science fiction. It was a recent "Coffie" by Abu-Aubna.
	A deserted desert military base, the new science fiction by Al Ebner, was the new "Koffe" fiction by Abner.
	A deserted desert military base is the scene of El Abner's new science fiction, a recent "Kofie" novel by Abner.
	The abandoned desert military base is an scene in Al Abner's latest science fiction case, a scene in Abu Na's recent "Kaffie" novel.
	The obsolete desert military base is a scene of El Abuna's new science fiction. The latest of the "Kofi" story on Abourne.
	The deserted desert military base, a scene of El Abrana's latest science fiction, was the latest "Kofie" story of Abourne.
	The abandoned desert base is a new science fiction scene of Al-Abner. It's the latest "Kofy" novel of Abner.
	An abandoned army base in the desert was the latest department in Al Abner, where non-fashion came from.
	A deserted military base on the desert was a recent subject for Al Abner.
	A desert abandoned base is the newest source for Al Abner's novels.
	The abandoned military base on the desert is the latest department in Al Abner - a source of non-studies.
	One of the abandoned military bases in the desert... is an updated study of Al Abner - the source of the nonsecret.
	A abandoned military base in the desert is Al Abner's latest department - the place from which non-students originate.
	A abandoned military base on the desert is the last place in Al Abner's life to find a place where it came from, not a novel.
	The abandoned military base in the desert was Al Abner's newest section - the source of the non-studies.
	A derelict military base in the desert was the last source of Al Abner's non-fiction.
	It was the latest source of Al Abner's novels, a deserted military base in the desert.
	A deserted military base in the desert became the stage of Al Abner's recent Sci-Fi novel.
	A deserted military base in the desert becomes the scene of the recent Sci-Fi novel by Al Abner.
	A abandoned military base in the desert was the scene of the last Sci-Fi novel by Al Abner.
	An abandoned military camp in the desert was used on the stage of the most recent sci-Fi novel by Al Abner.
	A abandoned military base in the desert was the stage of the recent sci-fi novel by Al Abner.
	In the desert, an abandoned military base has been on the stage on Al Abner's recent Sci-Fi novel.
	A deserted military base in the desert became staged by the latest Sci-Fi novel by Al Abner.
	A deserted military base inside the desert was the scene of Al Abner's last Sci-Fi novel.
	In the desert, one abandoned military base was the stage of the latest Sci-Fi novel by Al Abner.
	A abandoned military base in the desert has served as the stage for the most recent Sci-Fi novel by Al Abner.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: I don't like it when newsreaders start giving their subjective opinions about the news. That's not their job.
Top 100 Translations
	I do not like it when news-readers start to make their own opinions about the news. That's not their job.
	I don't like this when the readers start giving their subjective opinion on the news. It's not their job.
	I don't like when press readers start to express subjective opinion about the news. That's not their job.
	I don't like when the readers start saying their subjective opinion on the news. That's not what they do, but it's not what they do.
	And I don't like when news readers get into subjective journalism. It's not their job.
	I don't like to think about it when the news readers start to express a subjective view of it. That's not their job.
	I don't like it when the readers start talking subjectively about their news. It's not their job.
	I'm not gonna like the fact that news readers start to make a subjective comment on news. That's not their job.
	I hate when news-readers start to give subjective views of information. That's not their job.
	And I hate when press readers start expressing their subjective opinions about news. That isn't what they do. I mean, that is not what they do.
	And I do not like the fact that news readers are beginning to present their subjective comments about the news, which is not their job.
	I did not like news readers to begin to publish their subjective remarks of the news and that is not their job.
	I do not like news readers starting to publish their subjective theories about news; this is not their job.
	It was not their job for me to dislike news readers who began to speak out about the subjectivity that they had in the news.
	I do not like the fact that the news readers begin to make their subjective statements about the news -- a notion that they are not doing.
	I do not appreciate the fact that newsreaders have begun making their subjective remarks on the press, which are not their job.
	I do not like the idea that news readers are beginning to give subjective accounts of news, which is not their job.
	I do not like that news-readers begin to publish their subjective remarks about the news, and this is not their job.
	I do not like news viewers starting to publish their own subjective statements about the news, and that is not their job.
	I do not like the fact that news readers begin to publish their subjective comments on the news, an opinion which is not their job.
	I do not like to be told that when journalists begin to express a subjective view of news, that's not their job.
	I hate to be a journalist to start to voice a subjective opinion about news; that is not what they do.
	I'd hate to say that when journalists start to say their subjective opinions about news, this isn't the job they do.
	I don't like it when the news readers start putting forward subjective opinions about news, that's not what they do.
	It's not what it's really really like to start publishing a subjective opinion on the news, and I don't like being a journalist, which is not what they do.
	I don't like it when journalists start to voice subjective opinion about news, which is not their job.
	I hate when the readers start issuing subjective opinion about the news, and that's not their job.
	And I do not like the way news readers start expressing subjective views about news, but that is not what they do.
	I don't like it when writers start expressing subjective views about news, and that's not what they do.
	I don't like when news readers start to publish a subjective opinion of news, and this is not what it is for them to do.
	It doesn't look like a journalist to me about his subjective opinion about the story. That's inappropriate. This is not their job.
	I don't like being a journalist and publishing his own opinion on this news. That's not a good idea. It's not their job.
	It's not good to be a journalist with his or her own subjective view about this news, this isn't what they do. Its not what they do.
	I'm not like being a news reader throwing his own subjective opinion about the news. This isn't proper. This is not their job.
	I don't like to be a writer and have my own opinions about this news. It's inappropriate. This is not their job.
	I'm not into being a news reader posting his own subjective opinion on the news. That is inappropriate. That's not their job.
	I don't want to be a journalist with his own subjective opinion on this news. That's inappropriate. This is not their job.
	I don't like to be a publisher and throws his own opinion into this story. This is inappropriate. This isn't their job.
	I'm not like being a news reader with her own subjective opinions on the story. That's not appropriate. It's not their job.
	I don't like being a news reader with his own opinions on this news. It's not appropriate. This is not their job.
	I don't like when readers begin to publish their subjective opinion about the news, and that's not their job.
	I don't like when readers start putting their subjective opinions on journalism, which doesn't belong to their work.
	I don't like when readers start to express their subjective opinion about news, which is not their job.
	I don't like that when readers begin to publish their subjective opinion on the press, which is not their job.
	I'd hate for readers to begin to express their subjective opinion on news, which does not belong to their work.
	I don't like when readers start expressing their subjective views about the news, which doesn't belong to their work.
	I don't like when readers start to publish their subjective opinion on the news, and that's not their job.
	I don't like when the readers get to publish their subjective opinion about news, and that's not their job.
	I don't like when readers start expressing their subjective opinion about news, which isn't their job.
	And I don't like when people start to publish their subjective opinion on news, which isn't part of their job.
	And I don't like it when a newspaper reader is starting to make subjective comments on the news. That's not what they're supposed to do.
	I don't like the idea that when a newspaper's readers start talking subjectively about news, it's not a job for them.
	I don't like to call them job if the readers start talking subjectively about the news.
	I don't like that when readers start expressing their opinion on the news, and it's not their job to think of anything else as a matter of fact.
	I don't like to talk about your newspaper when your readers start to make a subjective opinion on the news, which is not their job.
	Well, I hate the fact that when the newspapers start to give their opinion on the news they're not calling it a job.
	I hate it when writers start making subjective opinions about news, and that doesn't tell them what to do.
	I don't like to call this a job when a newspaper's readers start expressing subjective opinions about the news.
	I don't like the idea that if a reader of a newspaper starts to give a subject opinion about a newspaper, that isn't their job.
	I don't like it when a newspaper's readers start giving a subjective opinion about news, and it doesn't call it a job.
	I hate it when a news reader starts expressing his subjective opinion on a news story. That's not their job.
	I don't like the idea that it's their job to get a subjective opinion of a news reader at the beginning of a story.
	I didn't like when readers started to express subjective views on news, it wasn't their job.
	It wasn't their job to express their subjective views on the news at the beginning of the news.
	I'm not like it's not their business when people start talking about the news, and they think about it subjectively.
	I'm not like I'm starting with the news reader when it's my job to give them their subjective points of view on the news.
	It's not their job to start a news reader by expressing his subjective opinion on the news.
	I don't want to start with news readers expressing their subjective views on the news, that's not what they do.
	I don't like the idea that when a news reader begins expressing a subjective view of the news, that's not their job.
	This isn't what people do at the beginning of the news when they express their opinions about what they think they do or don't care about what they're going to do about it.
	I didn't like the fact that paper readers started to give a subjective opinion on the news. It's not their job, it's not their business.
	I don't like newspaper readers starting to have subjective opinions about news. It doesn't matter what they do, it doesn't matter if it's their job.
	I do not like readers starting to make a subjective opinion on the news, it's not their job, it's none of their business.
	I don't like the fact that a newspaper reader starts giving an opinion of the news. That doesn't matter to them. It's not their job.
	I hate a newspaper readers starting to make a subjective assessment of news, and that's not their work. It's none of their business.
	I don't like when the readers start making subjective views about the news, which is not their job, but that's not their business.
	I didn't like the way the newspaper readers started getting a subjective idea of what was going on. It wasn't about their jobs, it's none of their business.
	And I don't like the fact that the readers of newspapers start to have a subjective view of the news, which is not in their job. It is none of their business.
	I don't like the fact that newspaper readers are starting to take a subjective opinion of news, and it's not their job, and it's not their business.
	I don't like newspapers starting to make subjective perceptions of news, which is not one of their jobs, and it's none of their business.
	Well, I'm not interested in when new readers are giving their subjective thoughts on the news. It's not their job.
	I don't like when new readers have subjective views on the story. It's not their job.
	Well, I don't like when new readers take a subjective view of the news. This isn't their job.
	I don't like it when new audiences say a subjective view of the news. It's not their job.
	I don't like the fact that when new readers make subjective comments on the news, it's not their job.
	And I hate when new readers express a subjective view of news. It's not their job.
	I don't like the idea that it's not the job of new readers when they get a subject-oriented view of the news.
	I don't like when new readers take their subjective views on the news. That's not their job.
	I don't like the idea of the new readers when they say they have a subjective opinion about the news... and that's not their job.
	I don't like when a new reader gives subjective views to the news. That's not their job.
	I don't want news readers starting to say what they do about the news, and that's not what they do, that's not what they do.
	I don't like when the readers of the news begin to give a subjective opinion to the news, that is not what they do, not what they do.
	I didn't like the news reader to start making a subjective opinion on news, which was not what they were doing but not what they were doing.
	I don't like news readers getting their subjective views on the news, not their work, not their work.
	And I don't like news readers starting to make a subjective point about news, but that's not what they do, not what they do.
	I didn't like news readers starting to get subjective opinion about the news -- that's not how they do, not how they do it.
	I hate to think that news readers start expressing their opinions about the news; that's not what they do, that's not what they do.
	I don't like the fact that readers start to express subjective opinions about the news, and that's not what they do, not what they do.
	I don't like the news readers beginning to express their subjective opinion about the news, which is not what they do, and not what they do.
	So I don't like the idea that news readers are starting to express a subjective opinion of the news, and that's not what they do, not what they do.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The Jersey is probably one of the most well-known breeds of cow in the world.
Top 100 Translations
	Jersey may be one of the most famous cattle species in the world.
	Jersey could have been one of the most famous oxin species in the world.
	Jersey's probably one of the most well known cattle species in the world.
	Jersey would be one of the most famous species of cattle in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known species of cows in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known cattle species in the world.
	Jersey is perhaps one of the most famous cattle breeds in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most well known cattle species in the world.
	Jersey might be one of the world's most famous breeds of cattle.
	Jersey may have been one of the world's most renowned breeds of cattle.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known cow species in the world.
	The island is probably one of the most known cow species in the world.
	Jersey's probably one of the world's most well known breeds of cows.
	Jersey is about one of the most popular cow varieties in the world.
	The island is probably one of the best-known cow breeds in the world.
	The island of Jersey was probably one of the most prestigious cow breeds in the world.
	Jersey was probably one of the most popular cow varieties in the world.
	Jersey's about one of the most famous breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey is perhaps one of the most well-known cattle breeds in the world.
	Jersey is probably among the most well known breeds of cows in the world.
	And Jersey may be one of the most famous cow species in the world.
	Jersey's probably some of the most famous breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey's probably just one of the most famous dairy breeds in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the most famous cows in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the most famous cows in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most famous cow varieties in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the best-known dairy breeds in the world.
	Jersey probably is one of the most famous cow species in the world.
	Jersey might be one of the most famous cows in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most well-known cow varieties in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most famous cattle varieties in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most well-known cows in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the world's most famous cows, one of its most well-known heifer species.
	Jersey is probably one of the world's world's most famous cattle, and one of the most known cattle species in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the best-known herds of cattle in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known cow species in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the world's most famous cattle species, the most famous of them in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most famous cows on the planet, one of the most well-known breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey is probably the most famous cow in the world, and one of the best known cow varieties in all parts of the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known cow species in the world.
	Jersey might be one of the most well-known cow species in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the world's most famous breeds of cows.
	Jersey could be one of the most well-known breeds of cows in the world.
	The island might be one of the most famous cattle breeds in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the most famous breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most famous cattle breeds in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most famous breeds of cattle in the world.
	Jersey is possibly one of the world's most well-known breeds of cows.
	Jersey could be one of the most prestigious cow species in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the most famous cattle varieties in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known cow species in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the world's most famous species of cows.
	Jersey is maybe one of the most well-known cattle species in the world.
	Jersey's probably one of the most famous cow species in the world.
	Jersey is perhaps one of the most widely known breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known herds in the world.
	Jersey's probably one of the best-known species of cows in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known breeds of cattle in the world.
	The island is perhaps one of the most popular cattle species in the world.
	Jersey's perhaps one of the most famous cow species in the world.
	Jersey is perhaps one of the most famous herds in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the most famous varieties of cows in the world.
	Jersey's probably one of the most well-known breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well known cattle varieties in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most known breeds of cattle in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most famous cattle breeds in the world.
	Jersey is perhaps one of the most famous cow varieties in the world.
	Jersey's probably one of the most famous cattle species in the world.
	Jersey's probably one of the most well-known species of cows in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most famous breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the best-known species of cattle in the world.
	Jersey can be one of the most famous types of cattle in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most famous cattle species in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the most famous cattle species in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most famous species of cattle in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most famous species in the world.
	Jersey's probably one of the best-known herds in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the most famous cattle species in the world.
	Jersey could be one of the most famous breeds of cattle in the world.
	Jersey might be among the most famous cattle breeds in the world.
	Jersey is one of the world's most recognized breeds of cows.
	The island of Jersey is perhaps one of the most well-known breeds of cattle in the world.
	Jersey is, probably, one of the world's most well known breeds of cows.
	Jersey's probably one of the most well known breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known types of cows in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most famous cattle breeds in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most popular cow species in the world.
	Jersey's perhaps one of the most well-known oxen species in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most well-known cow breeds in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most popular breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey could be some of the most popular cattle breed in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the best-known heifers in the world.
	Jersey might be one of the most well-known species of cows in the world.
	Jersey might be one of the most well known breeds of cows in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most famous cow breeds in the world.
	Jersey may be one of the most known cow species in the world.
	Jersey was probably one of the most popular cow species in the world.
	Jersey is probably one of the most famous breeds of cattle in the world.
	Jersey might be one of the most famous cow breeds in the world.
	Jersey was probably one of the most well-known cattle breeds in the world.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Can you detect the subtle taste of peach in that red wine?
Top 100 Translations
	Can't you see the subtle taste of peaches in that red wine? I don't know.
	Do you see the subtle smell of peaches in that wine?
	Can you see the delicate smells of peach in that red wine? No, no, no, I don't.
	Can you tell about the touchy taste of peaches in that red wine?
	Can you detect the tiny horrid smell of peaches in that wine?
	You can feel the tacky smell of peaches in that red wine, can't you?
	Can't you see the subtle smell of peaches in that red wine?
	Can you detect the delicate smell of peaches in that wine?
	Can't you feel the delicate smell of peaches in that red wine?
	You can feel the subtle taste of peaches in that red wine, can't you?
	Can we tell you the delicate taste of peaches in a red wine? No, it doesn't, it doesn't.
	Is there any way you can detect the subtle taste of peaches in red wine?
	Is there any way to see the delicate taste of a peach in a red wine?
	Can you detect the sweet taste of peaches in red wine?
	Do you find out about the delicate taste of peaches in red wine?
	Is it possible to detect a nuance of peaches in red wine?
	Could you detect some of that subtle taste of peaches in red wine?
	Could you detect the subtle tastes of the peaches in the red wine?
	Do you find out the subtle taste of peaches in red wine?
	Is there any way to detect any fragrant taste of peaches in red wine?
	Can you detect the taste of peaches in the red wine?
	Can you detect the sweet taste of the peaches in the wine?
	Can you find a taste for peaches in the wine?
	Can you spot the taste in the glass of wine with a tiny flavour?
	Could you detect the small taste of peaches in the wine?
	Do you have any taste in the wine for the canned veggies?
	Can you detect the tiny taste of the peach in the wine?
	Can you get a taste of a tiny peach in the wine?
	Do you have a little taste for the peaches in the wine?
	Do you know if you'll be able to detect any very slight taste of peaches in red wine?
	Can you detect the delicate taste of peaches in red wine?
	Did you detect the subtle smell of peaches in the red wine?
	Did you detect the delicate scent of peaches in the red wine?
	Do you detect a subtle taste of peaches in red wine?
	Can you detect the delicate smell of peaches in the red wine?
	Can you find out the subtle smell of peaches in the red wine?
	Can't you detect the delicate taste of peaches in red wine?
	Can you detect the subtle scents of peaches in red wine?
	Can you detect the subtle flavor of peaches in red wine?
	Can you detect a subtle smell of peaches in red wine?
	Do you have any idea what you might find in the wine's treacherous smell of peaches?
	Can you tell us the delicate smell of peaches in red wine?
	Could you tell the subtle taste of peaches in the red wine?
	Can you detect the fragrant smell of peaches in the wine?
	You can detect the nuanced smell of peaches in red wine?
	Can't you detect the subtle taste of peaches in the wine?
	Can you detect the tacky taste of peaches in red wine?
	Can't you detect the subtle smell of peaches in red wine?
	You think you can detect the delicate taste of peaches in red wine?
	Do you detect the delicate smell of peaches in the wine?
	How do you feel the tiny taste of a peach from a red wine?
	Can you spot the fine taste of the peaches in the red wine?
	Can you smell the pics of a peach in a red wine?
	Do you recognize the taste of sweet peaches in the wine?
	Do you feel the tiniest taste of the peach in the wine?
	Can you tell the sweet taste of peaches in that wine? I don't know.
	Do you know what it's called to be a peach in a red wine?
	Can't you notice the tiny taste of peaches in the wine?
	Can't you see the tender taste of the peaches in the wine?
	Can you see any of the sweetness of the peaches in the red wine?
	Can you spot the delicate taste of peaches in the red wine?
	Can you spot a subtle taste of the peaches in the red wine?
	Can you detect that sweet taste of peaches in the red wine?
	Do you think you can detect the delicate taste of peaches in the wine?
	Can you detect the subtle taste of peaches in red wine?
	Can you detect the subtle taste of peaches in red wine?
	Can you tell the nuanced taste of peaches in red wine?
	Do you have any idea what it's like to smell peaches in a red wine?
	Do you detect the delicate taste of peaches in red wine?
	Can you see the subtle scent of peaches in the red wine? I don't know.
	Do you have any idea what it smells like to have a peach in a red wine?
	Can't you see the tenderness of the peaches in the red wine?
	Do you see the taste of peaches in red wine?
	Are you able to detect a tiny taste of peaches in red wine?
	Can you see the fine smell of the peaches from the red wine?
	Can you see how they're fragrant of the peaches of red wine?
	Can't you see that it tasted like peaches, like a bottle of red wine?
	So can you detect the fine taste of peaches in a red wine?
	Do you have any idea what you're smelling of peaches in red wine?
	Can you detect the flavour of peache in red wine?
	Can you detect the sweet smell of peaches in red wine, how do you understand the fine taste of red wine?
	Do you have any idea the subtle flavour of peaches in red wine you know the tiny flavor of red wine?
	Can you tell the nuance of the peaches from red wine? You know what the nuanced taste of red wine is?
	Do you have a subtle taste of peaches from red wine? Did you know the fine taste of red wine?
	Can you spot the delicate taste of the peaches in the red wine? Can you know the taste in the nuanced taste of the red wine?
	Can you tell the subtle smell of peaches in the red wine do you have a clue to the subtle taste of the red wine?
	Can you measure the delicate taste of peaches in the red wine? You know the fine taste in the red wine?
	Can you detect the subtle taste of peaches on the wine of red wine? Do you know the subtle taste of the wine of red wine?
	Would you detect the delicate smell of peaches on the red wine if you knew the subtle taste of the red wine?
	Could you measure the sweet taste of peaches on the red wine, do you understand the subtle taste of the red wine?
	Do you detect a fine taste of peachy in red wine? Do you have a nice taste of peachy in red wine?
	Do you know what a peach tastes like in the red wine... and a peach's sweet sweetness in the red wine?
	Can you detect the sweetness of a peach in a red wine, the sweetness of a peach in a red wine?
	Do you know the fragrant flavor of peache in the wine and the sweetness of peaches in the wine?
	Can you detect the fragrance of peaches from red wine and the honeys of peaches in red wine?
	Can you measure the tiny taste of peaches from the red wine with the sweet smelt of peaches in the red wine?
	Do you have any idea of the flavours of peaches in red wine, or how sweet peaches are in red wine?
	Do you detect the fine fragrant in red wines with the sweetness of peaches?
	Can you detect a tiny scent of peachy in a red wine and sweet peachy in a red wine?
	Could you detect a fine flavor of peachy in red wine and sweet honeydew in red wine?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of illnesses and conditions.
Top 100 Translations
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The scarcity of important vitamins and minerals may result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals can lead to widespread diseases and conditions.
	Lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to widespread diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals could lead to a wide range of ill-health and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals could lead to widespread disease and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of vital vitamins and minerals may lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	A lack of critical vitamin and mineral products can result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of critical vitamins and minerals may lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of critical vitamins and minerals can result in various diseases and conditions.
	The absence of critical vitamins and mining products can generate various diseases and conditions.
	Lack of critical vitamin and mineral products may create a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	A lack of essential vitamins and mineral products could lead to a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and mineral products could lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of critical vitamins and minerals is likely to cause a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of critical vitamins and mineral products is likely to lead to a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals may result in a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of important vitamins and minerals may result in a wide variety of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of important vitamins and minerals can give rise to a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	A lack of critical vitamins and mineral resources may lead to a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamin and mineral resources may result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of essential vitamins and minerals may lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of significant vitamins and mineral resources can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	A lack of vital vitamins and minerals could lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals may lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of important vitamins and minerals could lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a multitude of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals can result in a number of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of critical vitamins and minerals can cause a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can result in a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals can cause a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals can cause a variety of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of essential vitamins and minerals can result in a number of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a multiplicity of diseases and conditions.
	A lack of vital vitamins and minerals leads to a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals could result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of critical vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The shortage of critical vitamins and minerals can lead to multiple diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals could lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of important vitamins and minerals could cause a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of vital vitamins and minerals is likely to result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals may result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	A shortage of important vitamins and minerals could lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of essential vitamins and minerals could lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of vital vitamins and minerals may lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	A lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of essential vitamins and minerals leads to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of important vitamins and minerals could lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals may lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of vital vitamin and mineral materials can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of essential vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals can result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can be responsible for a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of important vitamins and minerals may result in a variety of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of vital vitamins and minerals can result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals can result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can cause a wide variety of illnesses and conditions.
	Lack of essential vitamins and minerals can contribute to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals can result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can cause a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and mineral materials could result in a wide variety of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of essential vitamins and minerals may lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can result in a broad range of diseases and conditions.
	Lack of critical vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of essential vitamins and minerals may lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals could lead to a wide variety of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of crucial vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of vital vitamins and minerals may result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	A lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals could lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of vital vitamins and minerals can lead to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals can contribute to a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of significant vitamins and minerals can lead to a series of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of significant vitamins and minerals could lead to a series of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals could result in a wide range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of critical vitamins and minerals can lead to a range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of essential vitamins and minerals can result in a range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important Vitamins and Minerals can result in a range of diseases and conditions.
	The absence of vital vitamins and minerals could lead to a range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals can lead to a range of diseases and conditions.
	The lack of important vitamins and minerals could lead to a range of diseases and conditions.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Due to the fact you weren't listening, you understood virtually nothing of what I said.
Top 100 Translations
	Because you didn't, actually, you don't really know what I'm talking about.
	Because you don't actually hear what I say you actually don't know what I'm saying.
	Because you did not actually hear that, and you don't actually get what I'm saying.
	Because you actually didn't hear, and you're practically not getting at all what I'm saying.
	'Cause the truth is you don't hear what I'm saying, you don't really understand anything about what I'm saying.
	Because you didn't actually hear that you actually don't understand what I'm saying.
	Because in fact, you don't hear that, and you actually don't know exactly what I'm talking about.
	'Cause you didn't actually hear that, so you actually don't understand what I'm saying.
	Because you didn't actually hear it, you don't actually understand that kind of thing I'm saying.
	Because you actually didn't hear it. You actually don't understand what I'm saying.
	You do not understand what I'm sayin', but you don't know a damn thing about what I'm sayin'.
	You don't know what I'm saying, you can't even see what I'm talking about.
	You can't even understand what I'm saying because you didn't understand what I'm saying.
	By failing to understand my words, you do not understand at all what I'm saying.
	Because you didn't really understand what I said, you couldn't even understand what I said.
	By not listening to what I say, you don't understand anything I'm saying.
	As you've failed to understand, you can't understand everything that I'm saying.
	You didn't get what I said, you didn't even understand what I said.
	You're not understanding what I'm saying, you're not really getting what I'm saying.
	You're not understanding what I'm saying. You just can't understand what I'm saying.
	Because you didn't listen to it. You barely understand what I'm saying.
	You don't understand anything because you're not listening to me.
	Because you didn't listen to me, you didn't get a damn thing about what I said.
	You can hardly understand what I'm saying because you haven't listened to what I'm saying.
	You know, because you haven't listened to me. You barely know what I'm talking about.
	Because you're not listening. You can barely understand what I'm saying.
	You can't understand a word I'm saying, 'cause you haven't listened to me.
	You don't even understand what I'm talking about, you don't listen to what I'm saying.
	'Cause you aren't listening to me. You're not listening. You almost don't understand what I'm saying.
	You barely understand what I say because you didn't listen to me.
	I'm not listening to you. You don't know anything about what I'm saying.
	You don't know what I tell you. You don't know. You just don't know what I'm saying.
	Because you don't hear. You're completely ignorant of what I'm talking about.
	You're not listening, you don't know shit about what I'm talking about.
	Because you're not listening. You don't know a damn thing to me. You don't know a thing about what I'm talking about.
	Because you don't know what I mean. You just don't know anything about what I'm saying.
	Because you didn't hear it. You didn't know a damn thing about what I said.
	Because you don't listen, you don't have anything to say to me.
	Because you are not hearing. You have absolutely no understanding of what I'm talking about.
	Because you're not listening. You don't know what I'm sayin', you don't know anything about what I'm sayin'.
	As you're not listening to yourself, you hardly understand what I'm saying.
	Because you're not obeying, you're almost totally uninformed about all that I'm saying.
	Since you haven't listened to me, you barely know what I'm talking about.
	As you're not obeying, you barely understand what I'm saying.
	As you've not obeyed, you barely understood what I said.
	As you haven't listened, you almost have no idea what I'm talking about.
	Because you're not listening to yourself, you don't understand at all what I'm saying.
	You're not listening, and you're almost totally unaware of what I'm saying.
	Because you didn't listen, you barely know what I'm talking about.
	Because you're not doing what you say, you don't really understand what I'm saying.
	Yeah, as you weren't listening with what I said.
	Yes not listening you was not listening, but you can't even understand my words, as you weren't listening with what I said.
	Yes not easy you were not listening, ye were not listening with what I said.
	Yeah, you weren't listening, but you barely could understand what I told you, because you weren't listening with what I said.
	Yes not easy you was not listening, ye were not listening to what I said.
	Yes not easily you was not listening, but you didn't understand anything I said. Yeah, as you weren't listening with what I said.
	Yes not easy you was not listening, and yet you don't understand that I've said it, as you wasn't listening with what I said.
	Yes, not listening you was not listening, but you barely understood me, yes as you weren't listening with what I said.
	Yeah, not listening you were not listening, but you can barely understand me, ya know? You weren't listening with what I said.
	Yes not easy you was not speaking, as you wasn't listening with what I said.
	Because you can't understand me. You barely understand the things that I'm saying.
	Because you don't really listen to what I mean, you barely understand what I'm saying.
	You don't understand anything that I'm saying because you can't hear what's going on.
	'Cause you didn't hear me, and you almost didn't understand all the things I said.
	Because you couldn't hear me. You almost can't see me in the first place.
	Because you didn't listen right. You almost can't understand what I'm saying.
	'Cause you don't hear what I said, you don't understand what I'm saying.
	'Cause you can't hear each other. You almost can't understand all those things I'm saying.
	Because if you didn't hear me well... you almost wouldn't understand what I'm saying.
	Because you didn't hear it. You barely understood all the things I said.
	Because you don't hear me. You don't even hear me, you talk like shit.
	Because you didn't understand. You don't hear what I'm talking about. You're full of shit.
	Because you can't listen to me. You can't even hear me! What the hell did you say?
	Because you didn't get it. You couldn't hear what I said. You said it in your ass.
	Because you're not hearing me properly, so you're not actually listening to me and I'm talking about you, you're fucking pissing me off.
	'Cause you don't hear it. I don't know what to say. You sound like a shithead to me.
	Because you didn't hear me. You couldn't hear what I said. You don't sound as if you're pissing me off.
	You don't hear me, you don't know what I'm talking about, so you're shitting your ass.
	Because you didn't hear me and you don't even hear what I'm saying, and it's a shitload of shit you're talking about.
	Because you don't hear me. You don't hear what I'm saying. What the hell is it that you're talking about?
	Because you haven't listened to me, so you can't understand what I'm saying, and you can't understand what I'm saying.
	Because you're not listening to me, you just can't hear me. You don't understand a thing I'm sayin'.
	You can't hear me, because you haven't. You can't hear anything I'm saying.
	Because you're not listening. You can't listen to anything I say. You can't understand anything I'm asking, don't you?
	Because you're not listening to me. You can't listen. You know nothing about what I'm saying.
	Because you can't hear me. You can't even understand me. You don't understand anything I'm sayin'.
	Because you didn't listen to me. You don't listen. You can't listen to everything I tell you, you don't understand what I'm saying.
	You're not listening to me because you're not listening. You can't listen at all. What I'm saying you don't understand.
	'Cause you didn't listen to me, you can't even listen to what I'm saying, you don't understand what I'm saying.
	You don't listen to me. You can't listen to me. You don't know what I'm saying.
	Because you're not understanding what I mean. You barely understand what I'm saying.
	Because you didn't understand what I said, and you just didn't really understand what I said.
	'Cause you don't understand what I said. You hardly understand what I'm saying.
	You barely understand what I say, because you're not understanding what I'm saying.
	You can't understand me because you didn't understand what I asked you to. You almost didn't understand what I said.
	Because you don't get what I'm saying you barely get what I'm saying, you don't hear what I'm saying.
	Because you don't understand what I say. You don't even understand what I say.
	Because you're not understanding me, you're barely understanding me.
	Because you're not listening. You're not listening to me, you're not listening to what I'm saying.
	- Because you don't understand me. - You barely know what I'm saying.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The rules and regulations were explained many times, but he has failed to comprehend them.
Top 100 Translations
	Although there had been numerous interpretations of the rules and regulations, he was still not in a position to understand them.
	Although many interpretations had been made of rules and regulations, he still had no comprehension of those rules and regulations.
	While there had been many interpretations of the Rules and Regulations, he was still not aware of the Rules and Regulations.
	Although there were many interpretations of rules and regulations, he still did not understand them.
	While many interpretations of rules and regulations had been made, he was still not in a position to understand them.
	Although numerous interpretations of the rules and regulations were given, he did not yet have an understanding of the rules and regulations.
	Although there had been many explanations of the rules and regulations, he still did not understand them.
	While the rules and regulations had been explained on numerous occasions, he still did not understand them.
	Although the rules and regulations had been interpreted many times, he was still not aware of them.
	Although rules and regulations were interpreted on a number of occasions, he was not in a position to understand them.
	He has interpreted the relevant regulatory rules on numerous occasions but he has failed to understand them.
	He has repeatedly explained the rules of the rules of the regulations, but he does not understand them.
	He has explained the relevant regulatory rules several times, but he does not understand them.
	He had interpreted the rules of the regulations several times, but he did not understand them.
	He had explained the relevant regulations on several occasions, but he had failed to understand them.
	He has, on numerous occasions, explained the relevant rules of regulations, but has failed to understand them.
	He has explained the respective rules of regulation on a number of occasions. He has, however, failed to understand them.
	He had repeatedly explained the rules of the regulations concerned, but he had not been able to understand them.
	He explained the rules on regulations on a number of occasions, but he did not understand them.
	He had repeatedly explained the rules of regulation, but he had not understood them.
	These rules and regulations had been explained on several occasions but he did not understand them.
	These rules and regulations had been explained a number of times but he did not understand them.
	The rules and regulations had been interpreted on numerous occasions, but he had not been able to understand them.
	These rules and regulations have been explained on many occasions, but he did not understand them.
	Those rules and regulations had been explained many times, but he did not understand them.
	These rules and regulations had been explained on many occasions, but he did not understand them.
	Those rules and regulations were repeatedly explained, but he did not understand them.
	Those rules and regulations had been explained several times, but he had failed to understand them.
	These rules and regulations have been interpreted on a number of occasions, but he does not understand them.
	These rules and regulations had been explained several times, but he did not understand them.
	He had, on numerous occasions, explained the rules and regulations, but he has been unable to understand them.
	He has explained the rules and regulations on numerous occasions, but he has not been able to understand them.
	He had explained the rules and regulations on a number of occasions, but he was unable to understand them.
	He has on numerous occasions explained the rules and regulations, but he is not in a position to understand them.
	He has, on numerous occasions, explained rules and regulations but he is not in a position to understand them.
	He had, on several occasions, explained the rules and regulations, but he had been unable to understand them.
	He has, on numerous occasions, explained the rules and regulations, although he was not able to understand them.
	He had repeatedly explained the rules and regulations but he had not been able to understand them.
	He had interpreted the rules and regulations on a number of occasions, but he had not been able to understand them.
	He has repeatedly explained the rules and regulations, but he has failed to understand them.
	The Rules and Regulations had been interpreted on several occasions, but he did not understand them.
	The rules and regulations were interpreted on a number of occasions, although he did not understand them.
	The rules and regulations were interpreted on many occasions, but he did not understand them.
	He does not understand rules and regulations, as they have been explained on many occasions. * Reissued for technical reasons.
	While rules and regulations were interpreted many times, he did not understand them.
	He does not understand the rules and regulations, although they have been interpreted on a number of occasions.
	Rules and regulations were interpreted several times but he did not understand them.
	Rules and Regulations had been interpreted many times, but he did not understand them.
	Rules and regulations had been explained on several occasions; however, he did not understand them.
	The rules and regulations had been interpreted repeatedly, but he did not understand them.
	Rules and regulations were interpreted on a number of occasions, but he was not in a position to understand them.
	The rules and regulations had been interpreted on several occasions, but he was not in a position to understand them.
	While rules and regulations had already been interpreted on a number of occasions, he had not been able to understand them.
	The rules and regulations had been interpreted on numerous occasions, but he had not been in a position to understand them.
	The rules and regulations had already been explained on many occasions, but he had not been able to understand them.
	The rules and regulations had been explained on numerous occasions but he had not been able to understand them.
	The rules and regulations were interpreted several times but he had not been able to understand them.
	Rules and regulations had been interpreted on a number of occasions, but he had been unable to understand them.
	The rules and regulations had been interpreted on a number of occasions but he had not been in a position to understand them.
	The Rules and Regulations had been explained on several occasions, but he had not been able to understand them.
	There were many instances of interpretation of rules and regulations; however, he did not understand those rules and regulations.
	The rules and regulations were interpreted on a number of occasions, but he did not understand those rules and regulations.
	There had been many instances of interpretation on rules and regulations but he did not understand those rules and regulations.
	A number of interpretations of the rules and regulations were made, but he was not aware of those rules and regulations.
	There had been many instances of interpretation of rules and regulations, but he did not understand those rules and regulations.
	On many occasions there had been an interpretation of rules and regulations; however, he did not have an understanding of those rules and regulations.
	There had been many instances of interpretations of rules and regulations, but he did not understand those rules and regulations.
	There have been many instances in which rules and regulations have been explained, but he has failed to understand those rules and regulations.
	There were many instances in which the rules and regulations had been explained, but he lacked understanding of those rules and regulations.
	There were many instances of interpretation of rules and regulations, but he did not understand them.
	He has interpreted these rules and regulations on numerous occasions but he has not been able to understand them.
	He explained those rules and regulations many times, but was not in a position to get a clear understanding of the rules and regulations.
	He has interpreted these rules and regulations on many occasions but he has not been able to understand them.
	He has interpreted the Rules and Regulations on several occasions, but he has not been in a position to understand them.
	He had explained the rules and regulations on many occasions, but he had not been able to understand them.
	He has explained these rules and regulations on several occasions, but he is not in a position to understand them.
	He has interpreted those rules and regulations on a number of occasions but he has not been able to understand them.
	He has repeatedly explained these rules and regulations, but he has not been able to understand them.
	He had repeatedly explained those rules and regulations, but he had not been able to understand them.
	He has repeatedly explained these rules and regulations, but he has not been able to understand them.
	The rules and regulations in question had been explained on many occasions but he did not understand them.
	The relevant rules and regulations were explained several times, but he did not understand them.
	The rules and regulations in question had been explained on a number of occasions but he did not understand them.
	On several occasions, the rules and regulations had been explained, but he did not understand them.
	The rules and regulations in question had been interpreted many times, but he had failed to understand them.
	The relevant rules and regulations had been explained several times; however, he had not been in a position to understand them.
	The relevant rules and regulations had been explained on many occasions; however, he lacked an understanding of those rules and regulations.
	The relevant rules and regulations had been explained many times, but he did not understand them.
	The rules and regulations had been interpreted on numerous occasions, but he had not come to an understanding of those rules and regulations.
	On many occasions, the rules and regulations had been clarified, but he did not understand them.
	The rules and regulations in question had been explained many times, but he did not understand them.
	The rules and regulations had been explained on several occasions; however, he did not understand them.
	The relevant rules and regulations had been explained many times, but he did not understand them.
	The relevant Rules and Regulations had been explained on many occasions, but he did not understand them.
	The relevant rules and regulations have been explained on several occasions; however, he does not understand them.
	The rules and regulations had been explained on several occasions, but he did not understand them.
	On a number of occasions, the rules and regulations in question had been explained but he did not understand them.
	The relevant rules and regulations had been explained on several occasions; however, the Secretary-General did not understand them.
	On a number of occasions the relevant rules and regulations had been explained, but he did not understand them.
	Rules and regulations had been interpreted on a number of occasions, but he did not understand them.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "I risked life and limb to save you and look at how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouted.
Top 100 Translations
	"l'll risk my life and limbs to save you" "Look how ungrateful you are," and Charles shouted:
	I've risked my life and limbs to save you... see how ungrateful you are and tell Charles is, "I'm afraid I'm in love with you."
	"I have risked my life and my limbs to rescue you... "and look at how ungrateful you are, and Charles screamed, '"
	"I've taken my life, my limbs to save you... and seen you bein' ungrateful. " "Charles is yellin', "
	I risk my life, my limbs... to save your life... and how ungrateful you are... and Charles shout, "What are you doing?"
	"I risk my life and limbs to save you from... and look at how ungrateful you are."
	"I have risked my life and limb to save you... " Look how ungrateful you are," Charles shouted.
	I will risk my life and limbs to save you, and see how ungrateful you are, and Charles shouts:
	I risked my life and limbs to save your life... and see how ungrateful you are... and Charles shouted:
	"I risk my life and my limbs to save you... "Look how ungrateful you are, Charles screamed: '"
	"I'm going to risk my life and your limbs to save you and see how lonely you are!" Charles screams:
	"l'm gonna risk my life and limbs to save you from how alone you are!" Charles shouted:
	"I will risk my life and your limbs to save you, watching how alone you can be." Charles shouted:
	"I will take the risk of my life and body to save you and watch you be so lonely!" Charles shouted:
	"I will risk my lives and my limbs to save you, and watch you be alone!" Charles shouts:
	"I'm taking the risk of my life and my limbs to help you to see how lonely you guys are!" Charles shouted:
	"I'll take a life and a body to help you, watching how alone you are!" Charles shouted:
	"I will risk my life and body to save you and see how alone you are!" Charles shouted:
	"I'll take the risk of my own life and my limbs to save you and watch how lonely you are." Charles shouted:
	"I'm risking my life and my body to save you from your loneliness." Charles shouted:
	And I'm going to save you with life and limbs, watching how ungrateful you were." Charles shouted.
	I've been saving you with life and limbs to see how unbelievably ingratitude you had been," Charles shouted.
	I used to save you, I saw how ungrateful you were," Charles shouted.
	I use life and limbs to save you, and you look how ungrateful you are." Charles shouted.
	I used my life and limbs to save your life, to see your ingratiation." Charles shouted.
	I saved you with my life and limbs, and see how ungrateful you were." Charles shouted out.
	I have saved you with the life and the limbs, seeing how ungrateful you are." Charles shouted.
	I've saved your ass with my life and limbs and I've seen how ungrateful you are." Charles said "Charles" out loud.
	I helped you with my life, and limbs, to see how ungrateful of you was." Charles shouted.
	I'll go save you with my life and limbs, and see how incredibly ungrateful you are." Charles shouted.
	I risked my life trying to save you and you saw how ungrateful you were!" Charles shouted:
	I'm going to risk my life for you guys and see how ungrateful you guys are!" Charles shouts:
	I took my life to save you and see how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouted:
	I risked my life to save all of your lives and to see how ungrateful you are!" Charles yelled:
	"I risk my life and save you and look at how ungrateful you are!" "Charles shout:
	I took my life to save you guys. Let me show you how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouts:
	"I'm risking my life to save you and look at the treacherous things you have done!" Charles shouts:
	I'm risking my life to save your lives, to see how ingratuous you are!" Charles screams:
	I'm taking a life to save you, and I'll show you how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouts:
	I risked my lives to help you. Look how ungrateful you people are. "Charles yells:
	"To save your life, to risk your body and limbs, see how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouts:
	"And risked your life and limb to save you. And look how ungrateful you are!" Charles screams:
	"Look how ingratitude you've made to save you by taking risks to your life and limb!" Charles shouts:
	"and risk your life and your limbs to save you and to see how ingratiated you are!" Charles shouted:
	"To save your life and your limbs, look at you ingratitude!" Charles said, "I mean, I'll never see you again."
	"to save you from the danger of your life and your limbs and to see how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouts:
	"In order to save you, risk life and your limbs, see how ingratitude you are!" Charles shouts:
	"I risked my life and my limb to save you, and I'd love to see how ungrateful you were!" Charles screamed:
	"As a result of your loss and risk to your life and body look how ungrateful you're!" Charles shouted:
	"Look at how ungrateful you are, and risking your life and your limbs to save you!" Charles shouts:
	"To save you, I risk my lives and my body, and to see what treacherous you are," Charles screamed:
	"And I have risked my life and my limbs to save you, and look at all the ungrateful and ungrateful things that have happened. "Charles cries out, "and he'll do what he's supposed to do.
	"to save your life and limbs and see what you have become ungrateful." Charles shouted:
	"As a life and limb put you in danger, look how ungrateful you have become." Charles, screaming, humbly:
	"I have risked my lives and limbs for your salvation, and look at how ingratitude you have become." And Charles shouting out loud:
	"Look how ungrateful you people are to save you from the danger of my life and my limbs." Charles went out loud and said:
	"I have put my life, my limbs, and you've taken an ultimatum for your safety." Charles, loudly shouted:
	"I risk my life and limbs to save you, look how ingratiated you guys are" Charles shouted:
	"I am risking my life and body to save you. Look at the ungrateful manners of you." Charles shouts:
	"As a risk to my life, to my body, to save you, to see what ungrateful you are..." Charles cried out:
	"I'll save you with my life and my arms, and see how ungrateful you are." Charles shouted:
	I save you with my life and body to see how ungrateful you are and to see how much you look." Charles yelled:
	"I saved you with life and limb, and I see how ungrateful you are," Charles yells:
	I saved you with my life and body, and see how grateful you are," Charles screams:
	"I've saved you from life and limbs and saw how ungrateful you were." Charles shouted:
	I have saved you with the life and limb, and look how ungrateful you were." Charles screamed:
	"I've saved you with my life and body and I see how unsatisfied you are." Charles shouts:
	"I save you with life and limb, see how grateful you are." Charles shouts:
	I saved you with life and limbs and saw how ungrateful you were." Charles yelled:
	"I've saved you with life and limb, and to see how much you are ungrateful," Charles shouts:
	Look how much you're not grateful that I risked my life and limbs to save you! Charles shouted:
	I risk my life and limbs to save you, see how ungrateful you are! Charles shouts:
	I risked my life, my arms to save you, and see how ungrateful you are! Charles shouted:
	I'm risking my life and limbs to save you, and I see how grateful you are! Charles shouts:
	I've risked my life and my arms to save you, and look at how grateful you were. Charles shouted:
	I come to you with my life and my limbs in danger, and see how unappreciated you are. Charles shouts:
	I risked my life and my limbs for you, and I watched how you were thankful! Charles called out:
	I risk my life and limbs to get you out. And I see how unappreciative you are! Charles yelled:
	I came here to save you in danger of my life, my limbs, and I saw how thankful you were! Charles shouted:
	"I'm risking my life and my limbs to help you. Look how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouts:
	I risk my life and limbs and I save you, and look how uninvited you are!" Charles shouted:
	"I risked my life and limbs to save you and look how proud you are!" Charles shouted:
	"I risked my life and my limbs to save your life and to look at you like you were ungrateful!" Charles shouted:
	"I risked my life and my limbs to save you, and to see how unholy you were!" Charles shouted:
	"I've risked my life and his limbs, saved you, looking at how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouts:
	"I took the risk of my life and limbs and saved your ass! " Charles cried, "That's just how desperate you are!"
	"And I risked my life and limbs to save you, and to see how ungrateful you are!" Charles shouted:
	"I have risked my life and my limbs, and saved your life to see how unhappily you are!" Charles shouted:
	"I risked my life and my limbs, and saved you and I saw how ungrateful you were!" Charles shouted:
	"I risked my life and my limbs, and saved you to look at how desperate you are!" Charles shouted:
	I'll risk my life and limbs to rescue you, and see how ungrateful you are, Charles shouted out aloud.
	If I can't save you, I'll risk my life and your limbs... see how ungrateful you get! Charles is yelling!
	And you risked your life and limbs to save you to see how ungrateful you are, and Charles was screaming out loud.
	And risk your life or your limbs to rescue you and see how ungrateful you are, Charles, screaming and screaming.
	And you're going to risk your lives and limbs to help you, and see how ungrateful you are!
	You risk your life and limbs to rescue you and see what an ingratiate thing you've done. Charles shouted.
	You risked your life or your limbs to save you... and look how ungrateful you were! Charles squealed!
	risk your life and my limbs to save you, and then look how ungrateful you are... and you make Charles scream.
	To save you with life and limbs, and I will see how ungrateful you are! Charles is screamin'!
	And to save you at the risk of your life and your limbs to see how ungrateful you are!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Do you even notice that you're whistling? It's really disturbing me.
Top 100 Translations
	I'm really worried about you seeing that you're whistling.
	You've even noticed that you are whistling. It really bothers me.
	It really upsets me that you even noticed that you were whistling.
	You even notice the whistle you were whistling and it really bothers me.
	You even noticed you were whistling. I'm really worried about you. You don't know it, do you?
	You even noticed you were whistle-blowing, which is really starting to piss me off.
	It's bothering me that you even noticed that you're whistling.
	You're not even aware of the whistles that you were whistling, which really bothers me.
	You even notice that you whistle, and it's really bugging me.
	You even noticed that you were whistling. It's just really bugging me, that's all.
	Do you even notice that you're whistle-blowing?
	Do you even notice you're whistling?
	Have you even noticed that you are whistling?
	Have you even noticed that you're whistling?
	Did you even notice that you were whistling?
	Did you notice that you were whistling?
	Did you even notice that you were whistling?
	Did you even notice you were whistle-blowing?
	You even noticed that you were whistling, didn't you?
	Have you even noticed you were whistle-blowing?
	Did you notice that you're whistled, you know. I'm getting a lot on my mind, you know?
	Did you notice you whistle? This really upsets me.
	Did you notice that you were whistling? It's so irritating.
	You noticed how you whistled? It upsets me.
	You noticed you whistled. It's just making me feel like I can't help it.
	You noticed when you were whiffing? It upsets me.
	You noticed, you whistled. It upset me, you know, I don't know what you're talking about.
	I'm upset that you're whistle-blowering, and that makes me so upset.
	You notice how you whistle, it really upsets me.
	Did you notice you whistle? I've been strung out.
	You noticed you whistled. That really bothers me, and it really upsets me.
	Have you noticed, that's really disturbing to me. It's disturbing. It's disturbing to me.
	You ever notice how you whistled? It really upsets me. Really upsets me.
	Did you notice when you were whistling? It really was a bit annoying. It really did. It really upset me.
	You've noticed you've Whistled, and that really pisses me off and upsets me, and that really upsets me.
	You noticed you whistled, but this really annoys me and it really upsets me.
	Have you noticed your whistle? This is really frustrating. It really annoys me.
	Did you notice that you whistled? This really annoys me. It really upsets me, that really upsets me.
	Have you noticed that you whistle? It really bothers me. It's really upset me.
	You notice how you whistle? This really upsets me a little. This really upsets me.
	Have you ever even noticed you whistle? It really has made me feel a little upset.
	Have you even noticed you whistled? It really did bother me a little.
	You even noticed you whistled it, and that really upsets me a little bit.
	Have you noticed you whistling? It really bothers me a little.
	You even noticed your whistling? It really upset me a little bit, I don't know.
	Did you even notice you whistling? It really upsets me a little.
	You're not even really aware of your whistling? This really upsets me a bit.
	Did you even notice the whistler you whistle? It really bothered me a little bit.
	Have you even noticed you whistle, and it really upsets me a bit.
	You've noticed that you whistle, it's really a little treacherous for me.
	Didn't you notice you were whistling?
	Didn't you notice that you're whistling?
	Didn't you notice you were whistling?
	Didn't you notice that you're whistling?
	Did not you notice you're whistling?
	Didn't you notice that you were whistling?
	You don't notice that you are whistling?
	Didn't you notice you were whistling?
	Don't you notice you're whistling?
	You don't notice you're whistling?
	You noticed you whistling, and it got me upset, and I was really upset.
	You noticed you whistling, which is bothering me, and I'm in a real bit of a discomfort.
	And you have not noticed how you whistle and this troubled me, and I am in a very, very unsettling state.
	Have you noticed that you whistled, and it's disturbing me, and I've been in a real lot of trouble.
	Did you notice you whistle, and that bothers me, and I'm really, really upset.
	And did you notice that you're whistling, that's troubling me, that I'm really upset.
	You noticed that you whistle, which bothers me, I really have a lot to worry about.
	And you haven't noticed when you're whistled, and that bothers me, but I'm really, really troubled.
	Have you ever notice that you're whistle-blowing, that bothers me, and I'm really upset.
	Have you ever notice you're whistling, and that's bothering me, and I'm really upset.
	You see what I'm saying about you whistling? I really have a bit of a problem, you know. It really bothers me.
	Did you ever notice how much you whistled about me? I'm so upset. It's really annoying.
	Did you see what you're doing? I'm getting a little worried about that. I'm really a little upset about that.
	You ever notice you're whistling and I'm getting a little distracted. It's really annoying.
	Did you notice you whistling? I'm a little worried about that, and I'm a pain in the ass.
	You ever see how your whistle is blowing, it's kind of a bother for me and it's really getting on my nerves?
	You see, it's really a bit troubling for me to find out you're whistling. It's really very distressing for me.
	You know, I'm just a little upset when you're whistled. That's a pain in my ass.
	Did you realize you're whistlering? I'm a little worried. I am a bit upset, I don't know.
	Did you find that you were whistling me? I'm a bit upset, that's what's bothering me.
	Did you notice that you were blowing? Scared the shit out of me.
	Watch what you're snoring, you're freaking me out.
	Watching your breath? That scares me.
	Did you notice the sound of your blowout? It scared me.
	Watch out. You're bluffing? It's freaking me out.
	You got a whirling? You're scaring me.
	Watch out! You're blowing. It scares me.
	You know, you're whistling? It scares me.
	Did you just say, you're bluffing? That's what scares me.
	You're talking loud? You're starting to freak me out.
	Do you notice when you whistle, it really bothers me?
	Do you notice that you whistle? It really gives me discomfort.
	Do you notice the whistle that's blowin'? It really does give me displeasure.
	Do you see yourself whistled? It's really giving me a hard time.
	- Do you notice how you whistled? - It really irritates me.
	You're looking at yourself whistle-blowing? It really upsets me.
	Did you ever notice you whistled it? It really bothers me.
	Did you notice how you whistle? It really gives me discomfort.
	-Did you notice your whistles? -It really gave me a hard time.
	Did you notice the whistle you were blowing? It really gave me a hard time.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Though the report is good, I don't think you do enough to define the goals of it at the beginning.
Top 100 Translations
	Although the report was very well written but I think that you didn't do much, that it defined its goal from the very beginning.
	While it's done so well, I think that you did not do it so much, and that's the one that defined it from the very beginning.
	And while the report was very well written, I did not think you did enough -- it set its goals from the very beginning.
	Although it was a very good one, I do not think you've done enough, defining its goals from the very beginning.
	And though it's good, it's not as good as you have, and I think you haven't done enough, you have defined its objectives from the very beginning.
	And while the report is well-written, I think you haven't been doing enough for us to define its objectives from the very beginning.
	And while the report had been good, I didn't think you'd done enough, but I'd define its objectives from the very beginning.
	Although the report was fine, I didn't think you'd done much enough to define its objectives from the very beginning.
	And it's really good, and I think you don't do a lot of things, but I've really defined what it's worth from the beginning.
	Although the report is very good, I believe you're not doing much, and I have defined its goals from the very beginning.
	Well, it was good, but I still don't think you've done much to determine what you were gonna do at the beginning.
	I think you haven't made enough of it to define its original objectives, though it's a very good report.
	It's very nice of you, but I still don't think that you're making a lot of effort to define what it's about to get in the first place.
	Although the report is excellent, I still feel that you haven't gone far enough in trying to determine what it is right in the first place.
	Although that's good reports, I still don't believe you have made enough efforts in order to ascertain what's in front of it.
	But I still feel you haven't done enough to make sure what it's gonna be like in its first years of existence.
	Although the report is fine, I'm not sure you are making enough efforts to determine what it was about to begin with.
	Although the report's pretty good, I do not think you have been able to make the effort to identify what it's about in the first place.
	But I'm not convinced you're trying enough to determine what it's going to achieve at first, though this is very good.
	Although it's a good report, I don't think you have done enough to define what you want to do when it was in the first place.
	Well, as a good report, I dont think that you have done that much enough to define it from the very beginning.
	But I think it is good, but I think that you have not done enough -- not enough to define its goals in the first place.
	But I think you don't do enough for me, although the report is good, and it's not enough to define its goal from the very beginning.
	Although it's a good report, I think that you haven't done enough of that, and you don't define its purpose at the beginning.
	Well, the report was good, but I think that you didn't get enough, and that was not enough to define its objectives at the beginning.
	Well, the report is, but I don't believe that you've done much, that you don't know enough to define its objectives at the beginning.
	It's good, but I think you didn't do enough, to define its goals from the beginning.
	Although the reports are good, I'd think you've done less than enough to define its objectives in the beginning.
	And good as a report is, I don't think you've been doing enough, in order to define its objective at the beginning.
	Well, I think you didn't do much enough to define it from the beginning, even though it's a good report.
	And although this is a good report, I think you're not going to make a good effort to set up its objectives at the beginning.
	Though this report is good, I think that you didn't have enough effort to define its objectives in the first place.
	And while this report's good, I think you haven't done enough to determine what it should be like at the beginning.
	Although the report was good, I think you didn't make enough of the effort to establish its objectives at the beginning.
	Despite the fact that this report is good, I do think that you're not trying enough to determine what it is right at the beginning.
	Despite the good report, I don't feel that you're making enough efforts to set up its targets at the beginning.
	And, despite the fact that this report is good, I think that you haven't made enough efforts to set its objectives at the beginning.
	Even though this report is good, I think you haven't made enough of a good effort to determine its objectives in the first place.
	Even though this is a good report, I don't think you've done enough to set up its goals at the beginning.
	Despite this good report, I don't think you've been making enough effort to set its objectives at the beginning.
	The report will be great, but I'm afraid you haven't done enough to define its purpose at the beginning.
	The report is excellent, but I think you didn't do enough job to define its goal at the beginning.
	This report might be great, but I think you didn't get enough work done to define its goals at the beginning.
	Although the report is very good, I think you have not done much work to define its purpose at the beginning.
	I don't suppose you've got enough work that we can start by defining its objective, though it's good.
	This report may be very useful, but I don't think I have done enough to define its target at the beginning.
	It was a good one, but I don't think you're doing much work, at the beginning, to define its objectives.
	I don't think you have a job to do in order to define its purpose at the beginning.
	The report is nice, but I don't think you're doing enough work to define its purpose at the beginning.
	The report is good but I don't think you've done enough to define it's purpose at the beginning.
	And while the report is good, I do not think you've done enough for me, but I'm sure that from the very beginning the goal is for you to define.
	And as good as the report is, I feel you have not done it enough and from the start, its objectives have been defined by you.
	Although the report is nice, it doesn't seem to be enough, and from the very beginning, the objective of the report is for you to define.
	And though the report is good, you haven't done enough. From the start, the aim was defined by you.
	And I think you didn't do it enough, although it was nice, and it was the goal you defined from the very beginning.
	And despite that good report, I don't think you have done enough. From the beginning, the target is for you to define.
	And it's good, but I think you're not good enough for it, and you have been defining its goals from the very beginning.
	Although the report's good, I don't think you'll have enough to do, but since the beginning it has been defined by you.
	Though it's good, I don't think you have done enough as it is, and since the very very beginning, it has been your goal to define.
	I don't think you've done enough, although the report's pretty good, and that you're the one who defined its objectives from the very beginning.
	While the report was fine, I don't think you've made enough of the goal to define it in the beginning.
	While the reports are very good, I don't think you made enough to define its goals in the first place.
	Though the report was very nice, I don't think that you're doing enough to define its objective at the beginning.
	And while the report is very well, I don't think you've done enough to define its objectives in the first place.
	While the report was good, I don't think you're making enough to define it's goal in the first place.
	Although the report was good, I don't think you'd do enough to define it's objective at the beginning.
	While the report is good, but I don't think that you did enough to define its objectives at the beginning.
	Although it's nice to report, I do not think you're making enough to define its objectives in the beginning.
	And even though the report was good, I do not think that you'd be able to do enough to define its objectives at the beginning.
	I'm okay with the report, but I do not think you've made enough to define its goals in the beginning.
	Although the report is good, I do not think you've done enough work to define its goals at the outset.
	Despite the good report, I think that you haven't done enough to define its objective in the first place.
	And although the report was good, I don't think you're doing a lot of work at the start to define a target for it.
	Even though the report was fine, I don't think you've been doing enough to define its objectives from the very beginning.
	Although the report was very good, I don't think you have done enough job at the beginning to define its objectives.
	And despite the fact that it was a good report, I think that you hadn't done enough work at the beginning of defining what it was meant to be.
	As good as this is, I do not think that you've done enough work to define its purpose from the very beginning.
	Even though the report was good, I don't think you did enough work in defining its goals from the very beginning.
	But despite the report's very good, I do not think you have done enough work to define it in the first place.
	Although the report's good, I think you didn't do enough work at first to define its objectives.
	Although it was good, I don't believe you have done enough to determine what we have to do from the beginning of the report.
	Even though the report is good, I think you've not done enough to set a target to be completed at the beginning of the report.
	Although you have done a good job, I don't think you've done enough to determine the goals that you have to accomplish in the beginning of the report.
	And although the report has been well prepared, I don't believe you have done enough to define what it has to accomplish from the very beginning.
	I don't believe you've done enough to determine what you're about to accomplish at the beginning of the report, although the report has done well.
	Although it's been a good report, I don't believe you have done enough to define what you're going to accomplish at the beginning of the report.
	I think you didn't do enough to determine the objectives to be fulfilled from the very beginning, despite the fact that the report has been well written.
	And although the report was well written, I don't think you've done enough to establish the goal that must be fulfilled at the outset of the report.
	Although the report is not good, I believe you didn't do enough to establish the objective you wanted to accomplish at the beginning of the report.
	As good as the report goes, I'm not sure you did enough to decide what you were supposed to be doing from the outset of the report.
	It's all very nice, but I do not think you have made enough effort to define what it was intended to start with.
	And while the report's great, I don't think you have made enough effort to define what it's gonna do in the first place.
	And the report is good, but I think you didn't try enough to define what it was aiming for in the first place.
	And it's very good to have a report, but I don't think there is much effort you have to make to define its initial objectives.
	Well, it's a good report, but I don't think you've done much enough to define what it's going to start with.
	And I think that the report was very good, but I think that you didn't do enough to define what it started with.
	And though the report was good, I did not think that you had done much to define what it was meant to do in the first place.
	But I don't think that you've made enough of your own efforts to define what it started as an idea, despite this excellent report.
	The report's good, but I do not think you've made enough of an attempt to define what it started with.
	And it's good, but I don't think you've worked hard enough to define what it was going to start with.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Disaster struck on the fairground ride when one of the children released the safety bar.
Top 100 Translations
	One of the children was released from the security fence and suffered a catastrophe on the way to the playground.
	One child released the security fence and suffered from a disaster on the way to the playground.
	One child released the security fence and was disaster-stricken on the road that was travelling on the playground.
	One child released his safety fence, which caused a disaster on the way to the playground.
	One child has released a security fence and has been hit with disaster on the way to the playground.
	One child released the security fence and experienced a disaster along the road that was travelling to the playground.
	A child released his safety fence and suffered from an accident on the way to the playground.
	A child who was released from the safety fence suffered an accident on the road she was travelling to the playground.
	A child released a security fence and was in distress on the road that had been taken by the playground.
	One of the children had released the safety fence and suffered a disaster on its way to the playground.
	A child released the safe bar, at which time a disaster took place on the grounds of the garden of glowing colours.
	The safety bar was freed by one of the children, at which time a disaster occurred at a park of glimmers of light.
	One child released a safe bar and, at this point, there was a catastrophe in the Garden of Light.
	The child freed the safe bar at a time when a disaster had occurred at the Gardens of Light.
	A child released a safe bar at which time there was a disaster in a park of varnish.
	A child released a safe bar, when a disaster broke out in a park of bright colours.
	One child released the safety bar at a time when a catastrophe occurred in the park of glimmers.
	The safe bar was freed by a child and at that time a disaster took place on the grounds of the cauldron.
	A child freed a safe bar, in which time a catastrophe had occurred in the garden of glamorous colours.
	A children released their safe bar at a time when a disaster occurred in the garden of light.
	When one of these children was allowed to go to a safe bar, the catastrophe that had occurred at the park was within reach.
	The catastrophe at the amusement park has already reached its reach, when one of the children opens a safe bar.
	The disaster in an amusement park had reached its reach when one of the children was allowed to walk out of a safe bar.
	A disaster that occurred in a playground was within reach when one of the children had been released from a safe bar.
	A catastrophe in the playground had come to an end, when a child had been allowed out of a safe bar.
	One of the children had reached the point where disaster would occur in the playgrounds when he or she was able to release one of his or her children to a safe bar.
	A disaster in the playground is within reach as one of the children clears the safe bar.
	When one of these children leaves the safe bar, the disaster that has occurred in the park is within reach.
	When one of those children is released from the safe bar the disaster that has occurred in a playground is within reach.
	When one of the children has been allowed safe bars, it has come to pass with the catastrophe that has occurred at the amusement park.
	One of the children, following the release of his security column, suffered a disaster in the playground.
	After one of the children released the safety fence, a disaster took place in the playground.
	One of the kids had gone through a disaster at a playground when the security fence had been released.
	One of the children had gone through the security fence and there had been disasters at the playground.
	After one of the children released a safety fence, there was a disaster at the playground.
	After one of the children had released its safety fences, the playground had been affected by a disaster.
	Following the release of one of their children from the safety bar, a disaster occurred in the playground.
	One of the kids released the security bar, which was followed by a disaster in the playground.
	One of the children went to the security fence, where he suffered a disaster at the playground.
	One of the children left the safety net and there was a disaster at the playground.
	When one child was released from safety sticks, a disaster happened to cycling in the plaza.
	When a child was released from the safety rod, the squares had been hit by disaster when they had been cycling.
	When one of the children was released from the safety rod, the cycling took place in the plaza.
	A child was struck by disasters when he was released from the safety rod while riding on the hoe in the plaza.
	A child was hit by a disaster in the cycling of a car in the square when it was released from a safety truncheon.
	When a child was released from the safety stick, a disaster struck when he was riding in the plaza.
	When a child was released from safety sticks, he was hit by catastrophes while cycling in the plaza.
	When a boy was released from the security pole there was a disaster when riding in the square.
	As a child was released from the safety rod, a disaster occurred during the cycling of the plaza.
	When one of the children was released from safety rods, it was suffered a disaster while riding in the plaza.
	When one of the children set free a safety rod, the disaster which took place on the range sounded a wake-up call.
	When one of them released the safety rod, a distress that happened in the playground sounded a wake-up call.
	When one of the children released his safety rod, a wake-up call was sounded at a disaster that took place at the excursion grounds.
	When one of the children freed his safety rods, a disaster that took place on the playground rang as a wake-up call.
	When a child released the stick, a catastrophe on the playground was sounded as a wake-up call.
	When one of the children released a safety stick, the disaster which took place on the grounds was sounded like a wake-up call.
	When a child released a security baton, a wake-up call was sounded when a disaster occurred in the playground.
	When one child released the safety stick, the catastrophes in the playground sounded alarm bells.
	When a child released the safety stick, a disaster on the playground sounded a wake-up call.
	When a child released a safety rod, a catastrophe that happened at a playground was sounded a wake-up call.
	One child released the safety fence, the disaster hit the bus that was travelling on the sightseeing grounds.
	One of these children released a security fence with the disaster that hit the carway to the fair.
	One child was released from the security fence and the disaster struck the bus rides from the playgrounds where the parade is taking place.
	In addition, one of the children left a safety fence, a disaster that hit the distance of the parade park, leaving the house in the first place.
	The disaster struck the journey to the cruise grounds, and one of the children walked through the security fence.
	One of the children released the security fence, which led to the disaster that struck a bus ticket to the fair.
	One of the children was released from the safety fence, with the disaster hitting the fare at the tour site.
	One of them was released from a safety fence, and the tragedy hit the driveway at the sight of the fair.
	One of the children was released through a security fence, and a disaster broke out on his car at the tour site.
	One of these children released a security fence, and the disaster struck the car that had taken place at the fair.
	One of them had set up a safety bar, and there had been a disaster on the road when he hitchhiking at the arena.
	One of the children put the safety bar in place and suffered a disaster as he picked up a ride from the arena.
	One of the children had left safety bars in an accident when he hitchhikers in the arena.
	One of the children had set up a safety bar, and there was a disaster when he hitch a ride into the arena.
	One of the children had put in a security bar and suffered a disaster when he hitchhiked in the arena.
	One of the children had given up a safe bar and there had been a disaster when he had taken a hitchhiker in the arena.
	One of the children put out a safety bar, where the crash had taken place while he hitchhiking in the arena.
	One of the children set up a safe bar, in which a hitchhiking hitchhiking at the playing field resulted in a disaster.
	One of these children put out a safe bar and had a disaster when he hitchhike from the arena.
	One of the children had released a safe bar and had been struck in disaster when a hitchhiking hitchhiker had taken place in the arena.
	When one of the children was released from the security fence, a disaster occurred in the playground.
	When a child had been released from the security fence there was a disaster in the playground.
	When one child was released from the safety fence, he was struck by a disaster in the playground.
	When a children were released from safety fences, they were struck by disaster in playgrounds.
	When one child was released from the security fence, it suffered a catastrophe in the playground.
	When a child was released from the security fence, an accident occurred in the playground.
	When a child was released from the security bar, a disaster occurred in the playground.
	When a child was released, he experienced a disaster in the playground.
	When a child was released from the security bar, a disaster occurred in the playground.
	When a child was released from the safety barrier, he was struck by a catastrophe in the playground.
	One child released the security bar during the disaster on the road to the playground.
	A child released a security fence when a catastrophe struck on the road to the playground.
	One of the children was released from the safety fence while a catastrophe struck the playground road.
	A child was released during the disaster on the playground road.
	A child had been released from the security fence as the playground road was hit by a disaster.
	One child released his safety fences when the road to the playground was hit by a disaster.
	A child released a security column when he was struck by a disaster on the road to the playground.
	One child released a safety fence when he was hit with a disaster on the road to the playground.
	When the playground was hit by disaster, one child released the safety fence.
	One child released the security fence at a time when the road to playground had been hit by a disaster.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Pesticides have meant that many butterflies native to this area are no longer found.
Top 100 Translations
	Pesticide means the region is no longer inhabited by a large number of home-grown butterflies.
	Pesticides mean that many native butterflies in the region no longer exist.
	The pesticide means that this area no longer contains many native butterflies.
	Pesticides mean that there are no more native butterflies in the region.
	Pesticides mean that much of the area is no longer covered by native butterflies.
	Pesticides mean that this region no longer includes many native butterflies.
	Pesticides mean that there are no more many native-born butterflys in this part of the region.
	Pesticides imply that many native butterfly butterflies in this area no longer exist.
	Pesticide means that the area no longer contains many native-born butterflies.
	The pesticide means that the area no longer has a large number of native-born butterflies.
	Pesticides have meant that many of the local Butterflys in the region are no longer found.
	Pesticides already mean that a lot of local butterflies in this region are no longer found.
	A pesticide already means that many of the local butterflies in this area will no longer be found.
	Pesticides have meant that many of the local butterflies of the region are no longer found.
	Pesticides already imply that many of the area's local butterflies are no longer found.
	Pesticides already mean that many of the local butterflies in the area will no longer be found.
	Pesticides already mean that many of the local butterflies of this area are no longer found.
	The pesticides already imply that many of the local butterflies in the area are no longer found.
	Pesticides have meant that many local butterflies in the region are no longer found.
	Pesticides already mean that many of the local butterflies in this area are no longer found.
	Insecticides means that many local butterflies in the area are no longer found.
	The insecticide meant that many of the local butterflies in that area would no longer be found.
	The insecticide means that many local butterflies in the area are no longer found.
	Pesticides mean that many local butterflies in the region are no longer found.
	Insecticide means that many local butterflies in the area are no longer found.
	The insecticide means that a number of the local butterflies in the region will no longer be found.
	The pesticides mean that many of the local butterflies in the area are no longer found.
	Insecticides mean that many of the local butterflyes in the area are no longer found.
	Insecticide means that many local butterflies in the region are no longer found.
	Pesticides mean many of the local butterflies in the area are no longer found.
	The pesticide means there's no one here to discover many more of the local butterflies.
	Insecticides mean there are many more local butterflyes that we can't find here anymore.
	Insecticides means there is no longer any more butterflies in the area.
	The insecticide means that there are so many butterflies in the area that there can no longer be found.
	The pesticide means that it can no longer discover many of the local butterflies.
	The insecticide means that many butterflies can no longer be found on the ground.
	The insecticides means that we can no longer find many local butterflies.
	The insecticide meant that it was no longer possible to discover many local butterflies.
	Insecticide means that many local butterfly showers could not be discovered in this part of the country.
	The insecticide means that it is no longer possible to spot many of the local butterflies.
	A pesticide means that many indigenous plants in the area are not yet found as butterflies.
	Pesticides imply that many of the virgin yetes of the plant are no more found in the area.
	Pesticide means there are many native plant butterflies in this region that could no longer be found.
	Pesticide means that many native-plant butterflies have not been found in the area.
	Pesticides mean that many native plants in the zone have not found butterflies.
	Pesticides mean that many of the native plants in the region no longer find butterflies.
	Pesticide means that many raw plants in the region can no longer be found in butterflies.
	Pesticide means that a large number of native plants of the region have been unable to find butterflies.
	Pesticides mean that many of the primary plant butterflies are no longer found in the area.
	Pesticide means that many native-plant butterflies are no longer found in this area.
	Insecticides had meant that a significant number of indigenous butterflyes in the region had no longer been found.
	Insecticide has already meant that many of these local butterflies could not be found in the area.
	The insecticides already meant that many local butterflies were no longer available in the area.
	The insecticides already mean that many of the local butterflies in the region have not been found.
	Pesticides have meant that many local butterflies can no longer be found in the area.
	The pesticides already imply that many local Butterflys in this region are no longer available.
	Insecticides already imply that many local butterflies in this region can no longer be found.
	Pesticides have meant that the region has no place for many local butterflies.
	Insecticides had meant that many indigenous butterflies were no longer found in the area.
	Insecticides have meant that many of the local butterflies no longer exist in the area.
	Pesticide means that many indigenous butterfly butterflies have not been found in the region.
	Pesticides mean the region is no longer able to find much of the local butterflies.
	Pesticides mean that many local butterflyes are no longer available in the region.
	Pesticides mean that many of the native butterflies in the region can no longer be found.
	Pesticide means that many local butterflies can no longer be found in the region.
	Pesticide means the region has lost a large number of local butterflies.
	Pesticides mean that many of the local butterflyes have not been found in the region.
	Pesticides imply that many local butterflyes are no longer found in the region.
	Pesticides mean that much of the local Butterflies are no longer available in the region.
	Pesticides mean that much of the local butterflies are no longer available in the region.
	The insecticides meant that many native-born butterfly butterflies in the area had ceased to exist.
	Insecticide means that a number of native butterfly butterflies in the region have ceased to exist.
	Insecticides mean that many native butterflies in the region have no longer existed.
	Insecticide means that many native-born butterflies in the area no longer exist.
	Insecticide means that many of the local butterflies of the area have ceased to exist.
	Pesticides mean that many of the native butterflies in the area no longer exist.
	Insecticides mean that a large number of native-born butterflies in that area have ceased to exist.
	Insecticide meant that many of the native-growing butterflies in the region had ceased to exist.
	Insecticide means that many native-grown butterflies in the region no longer exist.
	The insecticides mean that many of the earth-growing butterflys in the region have ceased to exist.
	Pesticide means that much of the region's natural butterflies will no longer be found.
	The insecticide meant that many of the natural Butterflys in this area would be no longer found.
	The pesticides mean that many natural butterfly butterflies in the area are no longer found.
	Pesticide means that many natural butterflies in the area are no longer found.
	Insecticides mean that many natural butterflies of the area are no longer found.
	Insecticides mean that many of these natural butterflyes in the region are no longer found.
	Insecticides meant that many natural butterfly butterflies in the region had ceased to be found.
	Insecticides mean that many of the region's natural butterflies are no longer found.
	Insecticides meant that many of the natural butterflies in the area were no longer found.
	The pesticide means that many of the natural butterflies in the area are no longer found.
	Pesticides had meant that the area no longer saw many local butterflies.
	The pesticides had meant that there were no more local butterflies found in the area.
	Pesticides have meant that so many local butterflies are no longer found in this area.
	Pesticides mean that this area is no longer experiencing much local butterflies.
	Pesticides already meant that the region no longer found a number of local butterfly butterflies.
	Pesticides have meant that the region is no longer in the process of detecting many of the local butterflies.
	Pesticides already imply that the region has ceased to find many indigenous butterflies.
	Pesticides already mean that many of the local butterflies are no longer being found in this area.
	Pesticides have meant that this area has no longer discovered many of the local butterflies.
	Pesticides already mean that many of the local butterflies have been found no longer in this area.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The sacked teacher returned to the school and made off with computer equipment worth thousands.
Top 100 Translations
	Dismissed teachers returned to school and were carrying thousands of computers and devices out of sight.
	The teachers had returned to school, with thousands of items of computer equipment.
	Recruited teachers returned to schools and took thousands of items of computer equipment, which were removed from the school.
	Dismissed teachers return to school and carry several thousands of computer items of equipment out of sight.
	Expulsion teachers returned to the school and carried thousands of computer equipment out of sight.
	Dismissal teachers return to school and carry thousands of items of computer equipment.
	Dismissed teachers return to school and take away thousands of computer equipment.
	Dismissed teachers return to school and take with them the thousands of items of computer equipment.
	Dismissed teachers returned to the school and took with them thousands of items of computer equipment.
	Dismissed teachers have returned to school with several thousand items of computer equipment.
	The teachers who had been dismissed returned to school, leaving the school, with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teacher went back to the school and left it with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teacher returned to school and left it with a couple of thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers returned to the school and had left the school with the thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The teachers were dismissed and returned to the school, leaving it with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The teacher who had been dismissed had returned to the school and left the school with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teacher had returned to the school, and had left the school with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teacher returned to the school, leaving with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The teacher who had been laid off returned to school and had left school with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teacher returned to school and left the school with a thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Retreaded teachers returned to their school and made their way out of thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Dismissed teachers return to their schools and find out with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The teachers who were dismissed returned to their schools, and came forth with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers returned to their schools and were made out of thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Recruited teachers have returned to school and are made out with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The teachers who were dismissed went back to school and came out using thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Schooled teachers who were fired returned to their schools and were replaced with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Dismissal teachers returned to school and found themselves out with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers returned to the school and were chosen with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Retiring teachers went back to schools and took advantage of thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The expelled teacher returned to school and replaced it with computer equipment worth thousands of people.
	Remanded teachers returned to schools, replacing them with computer equipment valued at thousands of people.
	Retired teachers returned to their schools and changed their bones by using computer equipment valued at thousands of people.
	Retired teachers returned to schools, replacing them with computers of thousands of people's value.
	Retired teachers returned to school and replaced them by computer equipment worth thousands of people.
	The expelled teacher returned to school and changed his bones using the computer equipment valued at thousands of people.
	Remissive teachers returned to school and converted their computers with a value of thousands of people.
	Retired teachers returned to school, where they replaced them with computer equipment worth thousands of people.
	The dismissed teachers returned to school, where they had been replaced with computer equipment of value to thousands of people.
	Expulsion of teachers returned to school, and replaced them by computer equipment, worth thousands of people.
	The teachers who were dismissed returned to the school and left it with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Retired teachers returned to school and left school with computer equipment worth thousands of United States dollars.
	Dismissed teachers returned to the school and left with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers return to the school and leave the school with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Dismissal teachers returned to the school and left the school with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers returned to school and left it with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Unappointed teachers returned to the school and left it with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The laidoff teachers returned to the school, leaving it with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Decommissioned teachers went back to the school, leaving it with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Dismissed teachers were returned to school and departed with computer equipment worth thousands of United States dollars.
	Dismissed teachers returned to the school and were separated from home with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Removed teachers returned to school and left home with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Remanded teachers went back to school, and ran away, with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teacher returned to school and left home with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers went back to school and were leaving their houses with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers returned to school and fled home with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Dismissed teachers returned to their school and fled their home with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Retired teachers return to school and run away with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers returned to school and left home with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Dismissed teachers returned to school and ran away with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers went back to the school using thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers returned to the school with thousands of US$ worth of computer equipment.
	Retired teachers return to their schools with thousands of dollars of computer equipment.
	Repulseding teachers returned to schools and came out of computer equipment valued at thousands of United States dollars.
	The expelled teachers returned to their schools and took the form of thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers returned to school, leaving with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The expelled teachers returned to the school, taking advantage of thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Retrenched teachers returned to the school, taking out thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Dismissed teachers go back to school and have been given access to computers valued at hundreds of thousands of United States dollars.
	Retired teachers returned to schools, with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Remand teachers went back to school, and left with thousands of items of computer equipment.
	The teacher who was dismissed returned to the school, leaving it with a thousand dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Retired teachers returned to the school and left the school with thousands of worth of computer equipment.
	The teacher who quits was back at the school and left the school with thousands of computer equipment.
	The outgoing teacher returned to the school, leaving the school with a thousand dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The teachers who dismissed had gone back to school and left the school with a thousand dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The teachers who were discharged went back to school and left the school with thousands-in-thousands-of-dollar computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers went back to the school and left the school with 1,000 dollars worth of computer equipment.
	Retrieving teachers returned to the School and left the School with 1,000 worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teacher returned to the school, leaving it with a thousand-dollar computer equipment.
	The expelled teacher returned to the school with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The sacked teacher went back to school and came forth with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The fired teacher returned to the school and came out with computer equipment worth thousands of dollars.
	This dismissed teacher went back to school with thousands of dollars in computer equipment.
	The dismissed teachers returned to school and took out thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed teacher returned to school, in the possession of thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	He returned to school with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The dismissed schoolteacher returned to school with thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment.
	This dismissed teacher returned to school and was able to escape with thousands of United States dollars worth of computer equipment.
	The sacked teacher returned to school with computer equipment valued at thousands of dollars.
	The dismissed teachers returned to school, using computer equipment valued at thousands of people.
	The dismissed teachers returned to the school, making use of computer equipment worth hundreds of thousands of people.
	The dismissed teachers returned to their schools using computer equipment valued at thousands of people.
	The dismissed teachers returned to school, and the computer equipment was made available to thousands of people.
	The dismissed teachers returned to school using computer equipment, valued at thousands of people.
	Dismissed teachers returned to school in order to gain access to computer equipment worth thousands of people.
	Dismissal teachers returned to school, out of computer equipment worth thousands of people.
	The dismissed teachers came back to school, disputing them with computers worth thousands of people.
	Dismissed teachers returned to school using a computer equipment valued at thousands of people.
	Unemployed teachers went back to school with a computer set-up worth thousands of people.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Even though the accused didn't carry out his threat, the victim was left terrified.
Top 100 Translations
	Victims were intimidated even if the accused had not made his threats.
	Even if the defendant failed in his threats, he was terrorized by the victim.
	Even if the accused did not make his threats, the victim was terrorized.
	The victims were frightened even though the accused did not carry out his threats.
	Even when he did not make any threat, he was intimidated by the victim.
	The victim was still scared, even though the accused did not make any threats against him.
	The victim was intimidated even though the accused did not carry out his threats.
	Even if the accused did not carry out his threats, the victims continued to be appalled.
	Even if the defendants did not carry out his threat, the victims were still in a state of shock.
	The victim was terrified even if he had refrained from making any threats from the accused.
	The victim is still scared of dying even if a threat is not imposed by the accused.
	Even if the defendants did not carry out the threat, the victims were still scared to death.
	Even when the accused does not commit a threat, the victims are still scared to death.
	Even if the defendants had not made the threats, the victims were still scared to death.
	Even if the accused did not put in place threats, the victims remained terrified to death.
	Even when the accused do not make a threat, the victim is still afraid to die.
	Even when the accused do not make threats, the victim is still afraid to die.
	Even if the defendants had not made any threat, the victim was still in constant fear of death.
	Even though the accused did not commit a threat, the victim continued to be scared to death.
	Even if the defendant did not threaten to do so, the victim continued to be scared to death.
	Even when the accused was not acting in the exercise of his threat, the victims were horrified.
	Even if the accused did not carry out his threats, the victims were still in shock and sterilized.
	Even though the accused had not exercised his threats, the victims continued to be alarmed by the fear they had been subjected to.
	Even if he did not exercise his threats, the victim was still horrified.
	Even if the defendant had not made use of his threat, the victim was terrorized.
	Even when the defendant failed to carry out his threat, the victim was still horrified.
	Even when the accused did not exercise his threat, the victim was horrified.
	Even if he had not exhausted his threat, the victim was horrified.
	The victims were scared even if the accused had not made use of his threats.
	The victims were frightened even if the defendant had not made use of his threats.
	Even when the accused failed in their attempts to fulfil the threat, the victims were scared to death.
	The victim remained terrified, even when the accused did not fulfil the threat.
	The victims are still horrified, even if the defendant fails to carry out the threat.
	Even if the accused failed in his threats, the victims were still horrified.
	Even if the defendant has not fulfilled his threats, the victim is still horrified.
	Even if the defendant failed to fulfil the threats, the victim was still horrified.
	Even if the defendant did not fulfil the threats, the victim continued to be terrorized and horrified.
	Even if the accused failed to fulfil their threats, the victim was shocked by what was happening.
	Even if the defendant failed in his threats, the victim continued to be horrified.
	Even when the accused failed to fulfil the threat, the victim was still horrified.
	Even if the accused did not make threats, the victims were still terrorized.
	Even if the accused does not commit threats, the victim is still in shock.
	Even if the accused did not commit the threat, the victim continued to be horrified.
	Even if the accused does not make the threats, the victims remain horrified.
	Even when no threats were made by the defendants, the victims remained horrified.
	Even if the accused did not make the threats, the victims remained horrified.
	Even if the accused had not made a threat, the victim would still have been apprehensive.
	Even when there was no threat from the accused, the victims were still horrified.
	Even if the accused did not commit the threats, the victims continued to be horrified.
	Even if the defendants did not commit the threat, the victims continued to be horrified.
	Despite the fact that the accused had not made a threat, the victims have been appalled and panic-shocked.
	Although no threat had been made by the accused, the victim was terrorized.
	Despite the non-threat threats made by the accused, the victims were horrified.
	Despite the fact that the defendants had not committed any threats, the victims were horrified.
	Although the defendant failed to make any threats, the victims were frightened and freaked out.
	Although the accused did not make any threats, the victim was terrorized and freaked out.
	Despite the fact that the accused had not made threats, the victims were shocked and appalled.
	Despite the absence of threats, the victim had been horrified.
	While no threat was committed, the victim was horrified and appalled.
	Despite the fact that the defendant had not threatened him, the victims had been horrified.
	Despite the fact that the accused failed to carry out the threats, the victim was shocked and appalled.
	Despite the fact that the defendants had failed to fulfil their threats, the victims had been in a state of shock.
	Although the accused had failed to fulfil his threats, the victim had been horrified.
	While the accused did not fulfil his threats, the victims were horrified.
	Despite the failure of the accused to perform the threat, the victim was horrified.
	Despite the failure of the accused to fulfil the threat, the victims had been horrified.
	Despite the failure of the accused to deliver the threat, the victim was horrified.
	Although the defendants failed to fulfil their threat, the victims were horrified.
	Despite the fact that the defendants had not fulfilled the threat, the victim had been horrified.
	Despite the fact that the defendant had failed to perform the threat, the victim had been horrified.
	The victim continued to be shocked despite the fact that the accused had not carried out the threats.
	Despite the failure of defendants to carry out the threats, the victims were still appalled by the shock.
	The victims were scared even though the accused had failed in their attempts to fulfil the threat.
	Despite the failure of the defendants to carry out the threat, the victims remained horrified and horrified.
	Despite the failure of the defendant to fulfil the threat, the victims were still in shock and stunned.
	Despite the failure of the defendants to fulfil their threats, the victims are still horrified.
	Although the accused failed in their attempts to carry out their threats, the victims were still in shock.
	Despite the failure of the accused to perform the threat, the victims were still scared to death.
	Despite the fact that the accused had failed to fulfil the threat, the victims continued to be shirked.
	Despite the fact that the defendant failed to honour the threats, the victim remained horrified.
	The victims are in a state of panic even when the accused fails to carry out his threats.
	The victims remained in shock, even if the accused failed to carry out his threats.
	The victims remained terrified even if they failed to honour the threats made to them by the accused.
	The victims remained in a state of alarm, even if the accused had failed to fulfil his threats.
	The victims remain in a state of panic even if the accused fails to comply with his threats.
	Even when the accused did not fulfil his threats, the victim was still in a state of shock.
	Even if the accused failed to live up to his threats, the victims remained horrified.
	The victim is still in shock even if the accused failed to honour his threats.
	Even when the accused has failed to carry out his threats, the victim remains horrified.
	Even if an accused failed to honour his threats, the victims remained in a state of consternation.
	The victims were shocked, even if the accused did not make any threats.
	Despite the fact that no threats were made, the victim continued to be horrified.
	Despite the failure of the accused to make any threats, the victim was still horrified.
	The victim was still in shock, even though no threats had been made by the accused.
	Despite the fact that no threats had been made, the victims were still horrified.
	The victim was frightened, even though the accused had not made any threats.
	The victims remained scared, despite the fact that the defendants had not made any threats.
	Despite the threats made by the defendant, the victims remain horrified.
	The victim is still horrified, despite the fact that no threat was made by the accused.
	The victim was still terrified, despite the fact that no threat had been made by the accused.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: "It is only through the generous grants given to me by this college that I'm able to continue my work."
Top 100 Translations
	"Only by giving me generous donations from the college can I continue to do my job."
	"It's only through this college's generous financial contribution that I can keep doing my job."
	"Only by a generous donation to me from this Academy can I continue to do my job."
	"This school can only provide my generous donations so I can go forward to my work."
	"Only through the generous donation that this institute gives to me will I be able to continue my work."
	"and only by means of this College's generous contributions will I be able to go on doing what I have to do."
	"The generous contribution from this college will be the only way for me to continue my work."
	I'll be able to do my job only through the generous donations that this College has made to me.
	"This Academy's generous donation is the only way that I'm going to get on with my job."
	"It will only be possible to continue with my work through the generous donations that this academy has given me."
	It is only through the generous grant given to me by this university that I will be able to continue my work.
	It is only through the generous grant given to me by this University that I will be able to continue my work.
	It is only through this university's generous grant to me that I will be able to continue my work.
	It is only through a generous grant from this University that I will be able to continue my work.
	Only through the generous grant given to me by the University will I be able to continue my work.
	It is only through the generous grant from this university that I will be able to continue my work.
	Only by giving me the generous grant of this university will I be able to continue my work.
	Only through the generous grant given me by this university will I be able to continue my work.
	Only through this university's generous grant to me will I be able to continue my work.
	I will only be able to proceed with the work of this University only if I have been given a generous grant by the University.
	"It's only through the generous grant of the university that I will be able to carry on my work."
	"This university's generous grant is the only place I can get back from going on with my job."
	I'm going to continue my work only with the generous grants that I have received from this university.
	"It is only through the generous grants from this college that I'll be able to continue what I have been doing."
	"It's only through the generous grant of this college that I can carry on with my work."
	I'm going to continue my work only through a generous grant from this university.
	"The generous grant from the university makes it possible for me to continue my work."
	"I can only carry on with my work by means of generous grants offered by this university."
	"It is only with generous grant from this university that I shall be able to carry on with my work."
	I'll be able to proceed with my work only by means of the generous grant from this university.
	"This college has been a generous grant to me so that I can get back to work."
	"The only way I could go on work was for this college to give me a generous grant."
	This college is the only one that gives me a generous grant for me, so I can get back to work.
	"This academy has to give me a generous grant so I can continue my work."
	Only this academy has given me a generous grant I can continue my work.
	"It is only this university that has generously given me a grant, which will make it possible for me to continue my work."
	"The only way to go about my job was for the college to give me a generous grant."
	"It is only through this academy that the generous grant I've given me will I be able to continue my work."
	"I'll only be able to work until the College gives me a generous grant."
	"It's this college that has given me a generous grant, and I can continue my work."
	I can only continue my job if this university has given me the generous support to offer me.
	"It's only this university that has generously given me my support that will make me continue my work."
	It is only through the generous sponsorship that I receive from this college that I will be able to continue my work.
	I can only continue work through the generous sponsorships given me by this university.
	"I can continue my job only by giving me generous sponsorship at this university."
	'Only through this college's generous patronage is I going to be able to continue my work.'
	"Only with this generous grant of the University I will be able to continue my work."
	"It is only through the generosity of the University that I can go on with my work."
	"My work will only be possible through the generous support of this university."
	"It's only this university that can give me a generous grant that keeps me from doing my job."
	It was only through a generous donation from the College that I was able to continue my work.
	It's the only way I can keep up my work is through a generous donation to me from this college.
	It's only through this college of yours who can make generous donations to me that I will continue my work.
	Only through this academy's generous donation of money can I carry on with my work.
	I'll only be able to continue my work through a generous donation for me from the Academy.
	I'll only be able to go on my job if the academy makes a generous donation to me.
	Only through the generosity of the academy can I continue my work.
	It was only through my generous donation at the academy that I could continue my work.
	Only through the College that has generously given me my contribution is I able to continue my work.
	I can only do my job in this college through the generous donation that this school has given me.
	"It's up to the school to make me a generous grant, "and then I can get back to my job."
	Only this school will give me the generous grant that will enable me to continue my work.
	I can only go on my work with a generous grant from this school.
	I was only able to continue my work with the generous grant from this school.
	"Only through the generous grants from the school... can I continue with my work."
	It's only with this school's generosity that I'm going to continue with my work.
	"It's only up to this school to offer me the generous grant to carry on with my work."
	It'll only be with the generous grant from this school that I can continue with my work.
	"It is only through this school's generous grant... that I shall be able to continue my work."
	I can only carry on my work on this school's generous grant.
	"This school is the only one that can support me generously, and I'm gonna be able to continue my work."
	"This school only gives me the generous support... and it makes me feel like I have a way to get back to my job."
	I'm the only one who'll have a way with all that generous support from this school that I can get back to my job.
	"This school's the only one that gives me the generous financial aid, and I'm gonna do what's left of my job."
	I've only been given generous funding by the school and I'm able to go back to my job.
	"The only way I could go on my job is if this school grants me generous support."
	"The only thing I can do with this school's generous support... is that I'm going to be able to go on with my work."
	"Only this school gives me generous financial assistance will I be able to continue my work."
	This school will only be able to provide me with generous financial aid, and I have the means to continue my work."
	This school's the only way I'll be able to make this move, as generous as it has been for me.
	I can continue my works with the generous grant this school gave me... to carry on with my work.
	"It is only with the generous grant from the school that I will continue with my work "and I will continue with my work."
	"Only through the generous donations this school has granted me will I be able to continue my work."
	"It will only be by the generous donation that this school has given me to continue to make my work, but only through this school, will I carry on with my work."
	It's only with this School's generous grant that I can go on with my work, so I can go on with my work.
	I will only be able to continue with the generous grant of this school as the only way to continue with my work.
	It is only with this school's generosity that I can go on with my work.
	"Only with the generous grant of my school, can I continue my work... "and I will continue my work."
	"The only way I can continue with my work is if this school grants me generously, which I can carry on with my work."
	"it's only possible that this school will make me a generous donation to carry on with my production" "I can still continue my work."
	Only a generous donation from this college will make me continue in my job, that's how it will enable me to continue in my job.
	"This college's generous donation is the only way to make me work... only then can I continue my work."
	Only this college can give me the generous gift of making me go on with my work... only then can I keep on doing my job.
	It was only a generous offer from the Academy that would have allowed me to continue, and it was only that would have enabled me to continue my work.
	"Only the generous donation of this college can I continue to work. only then can I continue my work."
	It's the only way I'll keep working is for this college to grant me a generous donation that I can carry on my work.
	"It's only through a generous donation from this institute that I can go back to work and then be able to take up my job."
	The only way that this academy could get me to work is if I give you the generous donations from that college that make me get back to work.
	Only a generous donation to the College can allow me to continue to work so that I may continue to carry on my work.
	"This academy can only help me with my generous donation, and only then can I carry on my work."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Great care must be taken with fireworks and similar devices that can cause injury.
Top 100 Translations
	Fireworks and similar devices that could cause harm need to be used very carefully.
	Fireworks and similar devices that could cause injury must be used with great care.
	Fireworks and similar devices, which could cause harm, have to be used with great caution.
	The use of fireworks and similar devices which may cause harm must be carried out with great care.
	It is essential that the fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm should be used with great care.
	firework and similar devices which might cause harm should be used with great care.
	There must be great caution with the use of fireworks and similar devices that might cause harm.
	Fireworks and similar devices that could cause damage would have to be used with great care.
	It is essential that fireworks and similar devices that are likely to cause harm should be used very carefully.
	It must be used with great caution, with fireworks and similar devices likely to cause harm.
	The fireworks and similar devices that could cause harm have to be taken seriously.
	Possessors and similar devices which may result in harm must be taken seriously.
	Fireworks and similar devices that might cause harm must be taken seriously.
	Fireworks and similar devices which could result in injury must be taken seriously.
	Fireworks and similar devices that might cause harm have to be taken seriously.
	It was necessary to take fireworks and similar devices that could cause harm seriously.
	Fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm must be taken seriously.
	Pyrotechnic and similar devices that are likely to cause harm must be taken seriously.
	Fireworks and similar devices which could cause injuries need to be taken seriously.
	It is important to take the fireworks and similar devices that may result in harm seriously.
	Pyrotechnic fire and similar devices that could cause injuries need to be dealt with with with with the utmost care.
	Fireworks and equivalent devices that can cause injuries must be dealt with with with with the utmost care.
	Fireworks and similar devices which can cause injuries must be dealt with with with with the utmost care.
	Fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm must be dealt with with with with great care.
	Proactive care must be taken with regard to pyrotechnic and similar devices capable of causing harm.
	Fireworks and similar devices that could cause harm should be handled with the utmost care.
	firework and similar devices capable of causing injury must be dealt with with with with great care.
	Prolonged care must be taken in dealing with pyrotechnical fires and similar devices that can cause harm.
	Fireworks and similar devices likely to cause harm must be treated with the utmost care.
	Prolonged care must be taken to deal with fireworks and similar devices that can cause harm.
	Fireworks and similar devices that might cause harm should be dealt with with with the utmost care.
	Fireworks and similar devices likely to cause harm must be dealt with with with the utmost care.
	Fireworks and similar devices which are likely to cause harm must be dealt with with with the utmost care.
	Fireworks and similar devices that could cause harm have to be handled with the utmost care.
	fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm must be handled with the utmost care.
	fireworks and similar devices that may cause injury must be handled with the utmost care.
	Fireworks and similar devices that might cause injury must be handled with the utmost care.
	Fireworks and similar devices that could result in harm need to be handled with utmost care.
	Fireworks and similar devices which might result in harm must be treated with the utmost care.
	fireworks and similar devices that could cause harm must be dealt with with with the utmost care.
	Fireworks need to be addressed very carefully with devices of a similar nature that may cause harm.
	Fireworks and similar devices with potential harm need to be addressed with great care.
	Fireworks and similar devices that may cause injury must be dealt with with very carefully.
	Fireworks and similar devices which could result in injury must be addressed with great care.
	Fire fireworks and similar devices that might result in harm must be dealt with with very carefully.
	It is important that fireworks be approached with great care as opposed to similar devices that may cause harm.
	Smokes must be addressed very carefully as opposed to devices like that that could cause harm.
	Fireworks should be dealt with with with with great care in a similar way as those that may cause harm.
	Fireworks must be dealt with with very carefully as similar devices are likely to cause harm.
	Fireworks need to be handled with great care, as opposed to similar devices that may cause harm.
	Fireworks and similar devices that can cause harm should be especially careful to meet the need from time to time.
	Fireworks and similar devices which are likely to cause injury must be made particularly careful to cope with these needs from time to time.
	Fireworks or similar devices that may cause injuries must be particularly cautious to accommodate the need from time to time.
	Fireworks or similar devices likely to cause injury must be especially careful to keep them in reserve at a time when such needs may arise.
	Fireworks or similar devices that may cause harm must be particularly careful in case they are not required from time to time.
	Fireworks and similar devices that can cause harm must be particularly careful to be needed from time to time.
	The fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm must be handled with all due care, as needed from time to time.
	Fireworks and similar devices that may cause injury need to be exceptionally careful so that they may be needed from time to time.
	The fireworks and similar devices which could cause harm must be exceptionally careful so that they can be needed from time to time.
	Fireworks and similar devices that could cause injury must be made particularly careful, as may be necessary from time to time.
	It must be very careful not only with fireworks, but also similar devices that can cause harm.
	It is the fireworks, and similar devices which may cause injury, that must be very careful.
	The fireworks and similar devices that can cause harm must be given the greatest degree of care.
	Precaution is required with regard to fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm.
	What has to be taken very seriously is the fireworks, and similar devices that may cause harm.
	Great care must be taken of fireworks and similar devices, which are likely to cause harm.
	Fireworks and similar devices, which could result in damage, need to be very careful.
	It is the fireworks and the similar devices that may cause injury that need to be very careful.
	What must be very careful is the fireworks and similar devices that have the potential to cause harm.
	It is fireworks and similar equipment that might cause injury that must be very careful.
	Great care should be taken with regard to the use of fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm.
	Care must be taken in using fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm.
	Due care must be taken, including through the use of pyrotechnic fire and similar devices likely to cause harm.
	It is important to exercise the utmost care to use fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm.
	Great caution must be taken to use pyrotechnic and similar devices, which may cause harm.
	Great care must be taken to employ fireworks and similar devices with the potential to cause harm.
	The use of fireworks and similar devices that could result in harm must be exercised with great care.
	Care must be taken to use pyrotechnics and similar devices that may cause harm.
	Great care must be taken to use fireworks and similar devices that may cause harm.
	Precautions in the use of fireworks and similar devices that may result in harm must be done with great care.
	The pyrotechnics and similar devices that are likely to cause harm must be dealt with with with very carefully.
	The fireworks and similar devices, which could cause harm, must be dealt with with with very carefully.
	Fireworks and similar devices that could cause damage must be dealt with with with very carefully.
	Fireworks, as well as similar devices that can cause harm, need to be handled with great care.
	Pyrotechnic and similar devices that may cause injury must be treated in a very careful manner.
	Pyrotechnic and similar devices that may cause harm must be dealt with with with very carefully.
	It is important to deal very carefully with pyrotechnics, as well as similar devices, which are likely to cause harm.
	Fireworks and similar devices that can cause harm need to be handled very carefully.
	Fireworks, as well as similar devices that might cause damage, must be handled with great care.
	Pyrotechnic and similar devices with potential for harm must be dealt with with with very carefully.
	Fireworks and similar devices which are likely to cause injury must be handled with great care.
	Fireworks and similar devices that could result in injury must be dealt with with with very carefully.
	Pyrotechnics and similar devices which may lead to injury must be handled with a great deal of care.
	It was important to handle fireworks and similar devices, which could lead to injuries, very carefully.
	Fireworks and similar devices which may result in harm will have to be handled with great care.
	It is essential that fireworks and similar devices that may result in injury be treated with great care.
	Firework and similar devices that could result in harm must be handled with great care.
	Pyrotechnics and similar devices that may result in injuries must be dealt with with with very carefully.
	Fireworks and similar devices which may result in injury must be handled with great care.
	Pyrotechnics and similar devices that can cause injury must be handled with great care.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The Dollar-Euro exchange rate has fluctuated a lot throughout the year.
Top 100 Translations
	The United States dollar/euro exchange rates fluctuated sharply throughout the year and were highly subject to fluctuations in exchange rates.
	The United States dollar/euro exchange rate had fluctuated considerably throughout the year and in line with the rate of exchange fluctuations.
	The US dollar-euro exchange rate had fluctuated considerably over the course of the year and was subject to significant exchange rate fluctuations.
	The US-EUR exchange rate fluctuates significantly throughout the year and follows high exchange rate fluctuations.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rates fluctuated considerably during the year as well as in response to exchange rate fluctuations.
	US$-euro exchange rates fluctuated considerably throughout the year and accompanied by significant exchange rate fluctuations.
	The US$-ERO rate fluctuated substantially throughout the year and was subject to high exchange rate fluctuations.
	The US dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year and was also highly volatile at the same rate as the exchange rate.
	The dollar/euro rate has fluctuated significantly during the year, and has been subject to very large exchange rate fluctuations.
	The US$/EUR exchange rate has fluctuated considerably throughout the year and has increased as a result of exchange rate fluctuations.
	The exchange rate of the United States dollar to the euro was highly exchange-rate-glow throughout the year.
	The exchange rate of United States dollars - euro is highly volatile throughout the year.
	The exchange rate in the United States dollar-euro was highly fluctuationd throughout the year.
	The United States dollar - euro exchange rate will be highly exchange rate-registered throughout the year.
	The exchange rate for the United States dollar-euro was highly exchange rate-rate-recording throughout the year.
	The US dollar-euro exchange rate has been highly exchange-rate-extra-euro exchange rate exchange rate fluctuations throughout the year.
	There is significant exchange rate fluctuations of the United States dollar-euro exchange rate throughout the year.
	The US dollar-euro exchange rate is exchange-rate-simulting very high for the year as a whole.
	The exchange rate for the US dollar and the euro has fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The currency exchange rate between the United States dollar and the euro had fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	United States dollar  euro rates of exchange fluctuated widely during the course of the year.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	United States dollar  euro exchange rates fluctuated substantially over the course of the year.
	United States dollar-euro exchange rates fluctuated significantly over the overall period of the year.
	Rates of exchange for the United States dollar - the euro have fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The US$-euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly over the course of the year.
	The exchange rate of the United States dollar - the euro has fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The exchange rate of the US dollar-euro has fluctuated considerably over the course of the year.
	The exchange rate of the dollar-euro region has fluctuated very widely over the whole period of the year.
	The year was marked by large fluctuations of the United States dollar against the euro.
	During the year there was a strong fluctuation of the United States dollar vis--vis the euro.
	In the year there was considerable fluctuation in United States dollar exchange rates vis--vis the euro.
	The United States dollar experienced significant fluctuations in its exchange rate vis--vis the euro during the year.
	In the year, there was considerable fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar vis--vis the euro.
	The year saw a considerable exchange rate fluctuation in the United States dollar vis--vis the euro.
	During the year, there was significant currency fluctuations in the United States dollar vis--vis the euro.
	During the year, the United States dollar experienced high fluctuations in its exchange rate vis--vis the euro.
	During the year, there were substantial fluctuations in the exchange rate between the United States dollar and the euro.
	There were significant fluctuations in the rate of the United States dollar vis--vis the euro during the year.
	The Euro-euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The euro-euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The euro-euro exchange rates fluctuated significantly over the course of the year.
	ECU-EUR exchange rates fluctuated widely throughout the year.
	There was considerable fluctuations throughout the year in the euro-euro exchange rate.
	The euro-euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The euro-euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	Euro-euro exchange rates fluctuated considerably over the course of the year.
	The euro - euro exchange rate fluctuated considerably over the course of the year.
	The euro-euro rate has fluctuated significantly over the course of the year.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated considerably over the course of the year.
	The rate of exchange of United States dollarseuro fluctuated significantly during the year as a whole.
	The exchange rate for US$-euro fluctuated significantly during the year, and, in the case of US$-EUR, the exchange rate fluctuated significantly over the whole year.
	The exchange rate of the United States dollareuro fluctuated widely throughout the year.
	The exchange rate of the United States dollar - the euro fluctuated considerably over the course of the year.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The United States dollar/euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The exchange rate of the United States dollar - the euro fluctuated very strongly over the course of the year.
	The rate of exchange in the United States dollar/euro fluctuated significantly over the course of the year.
	The United States dollar-Euro exchange rate fluctuates significantly over the course of the year.
	The United States dollar/euro exchange rate fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The exchange rate of the United States dollar-euro remained volatile throughout the year.
	The exchange rate of the US dollar-euro fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The United States dollar-euro rate of exchange fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The US dollar-EUR exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	United States dollar-euro exchange rates fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rates fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The US$-EUR exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rates fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	There is a significant variation in the United States dollar-Euro exchange rate throughout the year.
	The exchange rate of the United States dollar - euro has fluctuated very significantly over the course of the year.
	The exchange rate of the United States dollar-euro has fluctuated considerably over the course of the year.
	There was significant fluctuation throughout the year in the exchange rate between the United States dollar and the euro.
	Throughout the year, there was significant volatility in the United States dollar-euro exchange rate.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	Throughout the year there was significant fluctuation in the exchange rate between the US dollar and the euro.
	Throughout the year there was significant fluctuations in the United States dollar-euro exchange rate.
	The exchange rate of the United States dollar/euro has fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	Throughout the year, there were significant fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the United States dollar and the euro.
	The United States dollar-euro rate of exchange fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The US dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuates significantly throughout the year.
	The exchange rate in the United States dollar - the euro fluctuated significantly over the course of the year.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The United States dollar-euro rate of exchange fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	United States dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated considerably over the course of the year.
	The United States dollar - euro exchange rate fluctuated significantly over the course of the year.
	The United States dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The US dollar-euro exchange rate fluctuated greatly throughout the year.
	The United States dollar - euro exchange rate has fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The exchange rate of the Euro to the US dollar fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The euro-dollar exchange rate fluctuates considerably throughout the year.
	The Euro-United States dollar exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The euro-US dollar exchange rates fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The euro-US$ exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The euro-United States dollar exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	The euro-US dollar exchange rate fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The euro-US$ exchange rate fluctuated considerably throughout the year.
	The euro-United States dollar exchange rate fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
	Euro-United States dollar exchange rates fluctuated significantly throughout the year.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Many animals are endangered because humans have invaded their usual habitat.
Top 100 Translations
	Many animals are under threat because they are routinely inhabited by humans.
	Many animals are at risk because human beings have invaded their usual habitat.
	Many animals are threatened, as human beings have invaded their usual habitat.
	Many animals are under threat because humans have already invaded the normal habitats in which they live.
	Many animals are threatened because of the fact that humans have already invaded their usual habitat.
	Many of the animals are threatened, since humans have invaded their usual habitat.
	A large number of animals were under threat, as humans had invaded their usual habitat.
	Many animals are under threat because they have already been invaded by humankind in areas that normally live in them.
	A number of animals are under threat, as humans have invaded their usual habitat.
	Many animals are under threat, as humans have already penetrated the sites they normally live in.
	As a result of human intrusion into their long-term habitats, many animals were on the verge of extinction.
	Because of human incursions into their usual habitats, many animals are on the verge of extinction.
	Many animals are threatened with extinction as a result of the invasions of their long-term habitats.
	Many animals are threatened with extinction because of the invasion of their long-term habitat by humans.
	Many animals are endangered as a result of human invasions of their long-settled habitats.
	As human beings enter their permanent habitat, many animals are threatened with extinction.
	Many animals are endangered because of the humans'intrusion into their long-stayed habitats.
	As humans enter their permanent habitat, a large number of animals are at risk of extinction.
	Many animals are at risk of extinction as a result of humans' incursions into their usual habitats.
	As humans invade their usual habitats, many animals are at risk of extinction.
	Many animals are threatened with extinction, as a result of human aggressions into their customary habitats.
	Many animals are threatened with extinction as a result of human invasion of their usual habitats.
	Many animals were on the verge of extinction because of humankind's incursions into their usual habitats.
	Many of the animals are threatened with extinction because of the invasion by mankind of their customary habitat.
	Many animals are on the verge of extinction because of human incursions into their usual habitats.
	Many are on the verge of extinction because of human incursions into their customary habitats.
	Many are threatened with extinction as a consequence of humans invading their customary habitat.
	Many animals are threatened with extinction because of humans' invasion of their usual habitats.
	Many animals are at risk of extinction because of human invasions of their usual habitats.
	Many animals were threatened with extinction because humans had invaded their usual habitats.
	Many animals are at risk of extinction because of human encroachments on their places of permanent residence.
	A number of animals would be threatened with extinction, since persons had invaded their places of habitual residence.
	Many would be endangered, as human beings had invaded their places of habitual residence.
	Many animals were at risk of extinction, as they had been intruded into their places of permanent residence.
	Many animals were about to become extinct, as people had already invaded their places of habitual residence.
	Many animals were at risk of extinction, as people had trespassed in their usual habitat.
	A large number of animals are on the verge of extinction, because people are already entering their long-term habitat.
	Many animals are at risk of extinction, as human beings are intruding into their places of habitual residence.
	Many animals were threatened with extinction because humans were already inhabiting their long-sheltered habitat.
	Many animals are threatened with extinction, as persons have invaded their long-stayed habitats.
	Many of the animals are at risk of extinction because humans have invaded their usual habitat.
	Many animals were endangered by the invasion of their usual habitat.
	Many animals are endangered because of the invasion of their normal habitat by humans.
	Many animals are endangered because of the human invasion of their usual habitat.
	Many animals are endangered, because humans are invading the normal habitat they have inhabit.
	Many animals were on the verge of extinction, as humans were invading their usual habitat.
	Many of them were threatened with extinction because human beings were encroaching on their usual habitat.
	Many animals are on the brink of extinction, because humanity is intruding within their usual habitat.
	Many of the animals are at risk of extinction, as human beings are encroaching on their usual habitat.
	Many of the animals are on the verge of extinction because human beings are encroaching on their usual habitat.
	Many animals were in danger, for humans had penetrated the habitat that they usually lived in.
	Many animals are affected because humans invade the habitat they usually live in.
	Many animals have suffered, because people are invading their usual habitat.
	There's a lot of animals, because humans are insinuated in the habitat in which they live.
	Many animals are under attack because human beings are inhabiting the habitat they often live in.
	Many of the animals have been in danger because of the intrusion into their habitat that they usually live in.
	A lot of animals are affected by humans trespassing into their homes that they always live in.
	A number of animals were in danger because humans invaded the habitats where they lived.
	Many animals were in harm 'cause of human invasion of what they usually lived in.
	Many animals are now in danger because the human species are entering the habitat they often live in.
	Many animals were threatened by humans invading their day-to-day habitat.
	The threat to many animals lies in human incursions into their daily habitat.
	Many animals were threatened because humanity invaded their day-to-day habitat.
	Many animals are threatened because humans have invaded their daily habitat.
	Many animals are under threat because of human invasions in their day-to-day habitat.
	Many of the animals are under threat as the result of the human being's invasion of the day-to-day habitat.
	Many animals are at risk because they are occupied by human beings who are in their day-to-day habitat.
	Many animals are threatened because of human invasions into their day-to-day habitat.
	Many animals are threatened because humans are violating their day-to-day habitat.
	Many of the animals are at risk because they have been subjected to human incursions into their daily habitat.
	Many of these animals are at risk because of human incursions in their general habitat.
	Many animals are at risk because humans are intruding over their general habitat.
	Many animals are endangered because humans are encroaching upon their general habitat.
	Many of the animals are in danger because people are invading their homes in general.
	Many animals are endangered by human incursions into their general habitat.
	Many of these animals are at risk because the human race has infiltrated their homes in general.
	Many animals are at risk due to human invasion of their general habitat.
	Many animals are at risk as a result of humans encroaching upon their general habitat.
	Many species of animals are at risk because humans have invaded their general habitat.
	Many animals were endangered because of the intrusions of human beings into their general habitat.
	Humans had invaded their usual habitat, leaving many animals at risk of extinction.
	Since humanity invaded their usual habitats, many animals were at risk of extinction.
	Humans invaded their usual habitats, so many animals are at risk of extinction.
	Humans invaded their normal habitats, and many animals were therefore at risk of extinction.
	Humans invade their normal habitats, so many animals are at risk of extinction.
	Since humans invaded their normal habitat, many animals are at risk of extinction.
	Humans invaded their usual habitats, so that many animals were at risk of extinction.
	Humans encroach on their usual habitats, and so many animals are at risk of extinction.
	Because of the invasion of their usual habitats, many animals are at risk of extinction.
	Many animals are in danger of extinction due to the fact that they are invading their usual habitat.
	Much of the animals are endangered because human beings have invaded their usual habitat.
	Many animals are exposed because humans are already intruding in their usual habitat.
	Many animals were in danger because man had invaded their usual habitat.
	Many animals have been endangered because humans have invaded their usual habitats.
	Many animals are endangered as humans are intruding on their usual habitats.
	Many animals are endangered because of the human race's invasion of their places of habitual residence.
	Many animals are in danger, as humans have invaded the habitats that they habitually live in.
	Many animals were endangered because of human intrusions into the habitats that they used to live in.
	Many animals are in danger, as humans have invaded their usual habitats.
	Many of these animals have been endangered, because humans have invaded their usual habitat.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Despite being such a frequent visitor to Paris, Sam never bored of exploring it.
Top 100 Translations
	Though Sam had frequent visits to Paris, he'd never tire of exploring it.
	Sam's visiting Paris quite often, but he'd never been tired of exploring it.
	I mean, Sam used to make a lot of visits to Paris, but it just never bothers to find out.
	Sam traveled to Paris very often, but was not tired of exploring.
	Sam was visiting Paris quite frequently, but he wasn't fed up in the process of exploring it.
	I think Sam's been visiting Paris a lot, but I've never felt that he'll be tired of exploring it.
	Sam has come to Paris a lot, but it doesn't bother us to look into it.
	Sam came all the time in Paris, but he's always looking for something he can't get tired of.
	Sam's visiting Paris a lot, but he doesn't get tired of exploring the way that he does, doesn't he?
	You know, Sam was visiting Paris a lot of times, but he's never bothered to explore it.
	Sam is a normal visitor to Paris and has always been tired of exploring the scene.
	Although Sam was a regular visit from Paris, he was never tired of exploring it.
	While Sam is the usual visitor to Paris, he has always been tired of exploring the scene.
	Sam, though a regular visitor from Paris, was not sick to explore this view, even though he is a regular visitor in Paris.
	Sam's often a visit from Paris, but he's always been too tired of exploring the scene.
	Sam, a regular visitor from Paris, was always tired of exploring the scene.
	And Sam, being a regular visitor to Paris, has not bothered to look at the scene.
	Sam was a regular visitor to Paris, but he was never tired of exploring the scene.
	Sam, though he is a frequent visitor to Paris, is always tired of exploring the scene.
	Even though Sam is a regular visitor to Paris, he has always been tired of exploring the landscape for a long time.
	Sam, although he was a regular visitor to Paris, was never tired of exploring it.
	And Sam, though a frequent visitor to Paris, has never been tired of exploring it.
	Sam's never tire of exploring it, even if he's been a regular visitor to Paris.
	And Sam, though a regular guest in Paris, has never gotten tired of exploring it.
	Sam was never tired of exploring this, although he was a regular visitor to Paris.
	Sam's been a regular guest in Paris, and he doesn't really get tired of exploring it.
	Sam's been a regular visitor in Paris and he was never tired of exploring it.
	And Sam, despite coming from Paris a lot, never gets tired of exploring it.
	Although Sam was always a visitor to Paris, he never got tired of exploring it.
	And even though Sam was a regular visitor to Paris, he was never tired of exploring it.
	Sam's never fed up with exploring, though he's a regular visiter to Paris, and I don't suppose it's true that there's no need to know what is going on in Paris.
	Sam's never tired of exploration, although he is a frequent visiter in Paris, and it is not surprising to see how he can be seen at the moment of his life.
	Sam never got tired of exploring, though he is a regular visitor in Paris, and I'd say that if he's in Paris, he wont be able to help you find out about it.
	Sam has never been fed up with exploring, even though he's been a frequent visitor to Paris, it's been hard to find out what he is going to do when he came to Paris.
	Sam's never been tired of looking, though he is a regular visitor to Paris and he's not going to let us know who he's actually been looking for.
	Sam was never tired of exploring, although he was a frequent visitor to Paris and was still in the process of visiting the country to find a way out of the country.
	Sam would never get tired of exploring, but while he was a regular visitor to Paris, it was hard to believe he'd not get bored with a trip to Paris.
	Sam would never get tired of looking into it, despite being a regular visitor to Paris, who was a friend of the United States and who did not have the right to talk about it.
	Sam is not tired of exploring, even though he is a visiting person who visit Paris a lot, but not only does he want to spend the rest of his life with him, you know, not with him.
	Sam never gets tired of digging, although he was a frequent visitor to Paris, so, you know, when he went there and he went there and there, he went back to his office and asked for a job and he didnt have to do anything, and he was like, "Sam" in Paris, and was like, "Sam, he didn't get tired of exploring, he is a regular visitor to Paris," he said.
	Sam has never been bored to discover it, despite his regular visits to Paris.
	Sam still never gets tired of looking at it despite his frequent visits to Paris.
	Even though Sam visited Paris often, she was never tired of exploring it.
	Even though Sam has been visiting Paris often, he still remains unretired to explore it.
	Despite visiting Paris quite often, Sam has never had the trouble of trying to find out about it.
	Sam, although he was visiting Paris, was never tired of exploring it.
	And Sam's been visiting Paris a lot, he never gets tired of exploring it.
	Sam, despite visiting Paris often, still never gets tired of exploring it.
	Sam has never been bored to explore it despite often visiting Paris.
	Despite his frequent visits to Paris, Sam never gets tired of exploring it.
	Sam was frequently visiting Paris, and was never tired of going on an adventure in Paris.
	Sam is a frequent visitor to Paris, but never tired of going on an adventure to Paris.
	Sam is a regular visitor to Paris, but he's not tired of going on a trip to Paris.
	Sam was a regular guest in Paris, but she never got tired of going on the adventure in Paris.
	Sam was a regular visit to Paris and never got tired of going on a trip to Paris.
	Sam was a frequent visitor to Paris and was never tired of going on a trip to Paris.
	Sam was a frequent visitor to Paris, but he never became tired of going on a journey to Paris.
	Sam's a frequent visitor to Paris, but he has never been sick of going on an expedition to Paris.
	Sam was a regular visitor to Paris, but never tired of going on a trip to Paris.
	Sam was a regular visitor in Paris, but she never got tired of going to Paris on adventures.
	Despite coming to Paris for a while, Sam's never tired of exploring it.
	I mean, I've been in Paris a lot of times, but Sam was never tired of exploring it.
	Even though you come to Paris a lot, Sam never gets tired of exploring it.
	Even though I'm in Paris a lot of times, Sam doesn't get tired of exploring it.
	Though visiting Paris regularly, Sam is never fed up with exploring it.
	Though he was visiting Paris, Sam was never tired of exploring it.
	Though you visit Paris frequently, Sam has never been tired of exploring it.
	Even though I've been visiting Paris for a lot of time, Sam never bothered to explore it.
	Although you'd come to Paris frequently, Sam's never tired of exploring it.
	Despite visiting Paris more often, Sam was never tired of exploring it.
	Despite Sam's frequent visits to Paris, it never gets tired of exploring.
	Despite Sam's frequent visits to Paris, he was never tired of exploring.
	Despite Sam's frequent visits to Paris, he was never tired of exploring.
	Though Sam has visited Paris frequently, he has never become tired of exploring.
	Sam has never been tired of exploring Paris, though he visits Paris on a regular basis.
	Although Sam has visited Paris often, it has never been too tired to look into it.
	Despite Sam's frequent visits to Paris, there has never been much to do to explore.
	Although Sam has been visiting Paris often, he's never tired of exploring it.
	Although Sam has visited Paris frequently, he is never tired of exploring.
	Sam's visit to Paris often notwithstanding, he never gets tired of exploring it.
	Even though they have been in Paris for many years, Sam has not been tired of adventures.
	While they were visiting regularly in Paris, Sam was never bored with his adventures.
	Although they have frequently visited Paris, Sam has never been tired of pursuing his adventures.
	Sam was never tired of adventures, despite their frequent visit to Paris.
	Although they visit Paris from time to time, Sam never gets tired of the adventures.
	Although they regularly visit Paris, Sam is never tired of adventures.
	Despite the frequent visits to Paris, Sam was never tired of adventures.
	Although they visited Paris regularly, Sam was never bored with the adventures.
	Despite frequent visits, Sam never tires of exploring, as he did in Paris.
	Although they visited Paris on a regular basis, Sam was never fed up with adventures.
	Although Sam had travelled frequently to Paris to explore, he had never been tired of exploring.
	Sam, who traveled so often to Paris, never has to be tired of exploring.
	Although Sam has often been visiting Paris, it has never been tired of exploring.
	Although Sam has often travelled to Paris for expeditions, he has never been tired of exploring them.
	Sam, who travels to Paris often, has never been tired of exploring.
	Sam has never been tired of exploring, despite his frequent trips to Paris.
	While Sam frequently goes to Paris to explore, he has never been fed up with exploring.
	While Sam often travels to Paris to explore, he is never tired of exploring.
	Sam, who is frequently in Paris, has never had to be tired of exploring.
	While Sam has travelled often to Paris for adventures, he has never been tired of exploring.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: When choosing for this role, don't overlook the talents of Brian, one of the best actors in the academy.
Top 100 Translations
	Don't take one of the best in school if you choose a role and don't let Brian have his talent.
	When you choose the roles, don't take a look down upon one of the best characters at school, the talent of Brian.
	When choosing the roles, never look down on one of the best players of school, the talent of Brian.
	When choosing a role, do not value one of the best characters in school, Brian's talent.
	In selecting the characters, do not underestimate one of the finest characters in school, one of Bryan's talents.
	When choosing a character, don't think about one of the best characters in school, and Brian's talent.
	You should not despise one of the best players at school when you're picking up a character, Brian's talent.
	When choosing your character, don't take a look away from one of your best players in school, the talent of Brian.
	When choosing roles, do not look down on one of the greatest characters in this school, on Bryan's talent.
	And when you choose the character, don't look at the best characters in school, Brian's talent.
	When choosing this character, don't let Brian's talents slip away, Bryan is one of the best actors in the college.
	And don't miss Brian's talents in choosing the part. Brian's one of the best actors in the college.
	Don't lose sight of Brian's talent when choosing this role, Brian's one of the most wonderful actors in the college.
	In choosing the character, let's not forget Bryan's skills, Brian is one of the best actresses in the college.
	In selecting this part, don't forget Bryan's gift, Brian's one of the greatest actors in the college.
	In selecting this character, don't lose sight of Bryan's talent, Brian is one of the best actresses in the college.
	When it comes to this character, do not forget Brian's talents, which Brian's one of the best actors in the college.
	So don't ignore Bryan's talent when choosing that role, Brian's one of the finest actors in the college.
	And when you choose that role don't forget Brian's talent. Brian was one of the best actresses in the college.
	If you choose that role, please don't ignore Brian, Brian was one of the greatest actresses at the Academy.
	So when I choose this part of the story, don't lose sight of Brian's talent, Brian is one of the best actresses of the school.
	When you're choosing this character, don't ignore Brian's talent, Brian, who's one of the best actors in school.
	And when this is the part you choose, don't ignore Brian's talent, Brian is one of the best actors in the school.
	And when this is the role, please, don't ignore Bryan's talent, Brian, is one of the best actors in the school.
	When choosing this role, please do not lose sight of Brian's genius, Brian, who has been one of the best actors in the school.
	When you pick this part, don't lose sight of Brian's talents, Brian was one of the best actors in the school.
	When choosing this part, please, don't lose sight of Bryan's talent, Brian, being one of the best actors in the school.
	In choosing this character, please don't ignore Brian's talent, Brian, is one of the best actors in the school.
	When it comes to the role, please don't ignore Brian's talent, Brian is one of the top actors of the school.
	And when you choose this role, please don't ignore Bryan's talent, Brian, which is one of the school's best actors.
	You don't ignore Brian when you're in this role, Brian's one of the best casts in the school.
	When you take this role, you should not lose Brian's wit, and Brian's one of the most excellent players at the school.
	And don't leave Brian's genius behind when I take up this role, Brian is one of the top actors of the school.
	Don't neglect Brian's genius when you come in this role, and Brian is one of the most wonderful actors in the school.
	Don't forget Brian's talent when I'm taking this role, and Brian is one of the finest actors in the school.
	As I choose this part don't ignore Brian's genius, he's one of the best actresses of the school.
	Don't forget Brian's genius, Brian is one of the best actors I've ever had at school.
	In choosing one, don't forget Brian's talents, which Brian was one of the top actresses in the school.
	Don't forget Brian's talent when choosing this role, because Brian is one of the best actresses in the school.
	When we're playing this, don't forget Brian's brains. Brian is one of the best actors in the school.
	And when choosing to play that part, do not forget Brian's skill, Brian, who's one of the best actresses at this college.
	And while choosing to play this role, Don't ignore Brian's skill, Brian, who is one of the best actor in the college.
	In choosing to play that role, don't ignore Brian's talent, Brian, one of the great actresses at the college.
	And in choosing to play that role, don't forget Brian's talents, Brian, one of the best actresses in this college.
	And don't neglect Brian's talent when you choose to play that role, Brian, who is one of the best actors in this college.
	And while choosing to play the part in this, don't forget Brian's talent. Brian, he was one of the best actors in this college.
	When choosing to play the role, don't ignore Bryan's talent, he was one of the great actresses of this college.
	So, don't ignore Brian's talent when choosing to play this role. Brian, he's one of the best actors in the college.
	And don't forget Brian's talent, Brian, who is one of the best actors in the academy when you choose to play this role.
	And don't forget Brian, Brian, one of the great actresses of the college when he's chosen to play this role.
	And don't miss Bryan's talents when choosing a role, Brian's in one of the college's best actors.
	Don't neglect Brian's talents when choosing a character, Brian at the academy's one of the best actors.
	And when you choose the character, do not overlook Brian's talent, and Brian's one of the best actors in college.
	And when choosing the roles, don't ignore Brian's genius, Brian's at the College's one of the best actors.
	And when it comes to the character, don't neglect Brian's talent, and Brian's one of the best actors in college.
	And when it comes to choosing roles, don't lose sight of Brian's genius, Brian's one of the best actors in college.
	And don't lose sight of Bryan's talent when you choose a role, Brian's at the college one of the best actors.
	And when choosing the part, do not lose sight of Brian's talent, Brian being one of the best actors in college.
	When you pick the part, don't ignore Bryan's talent, Brian's one of the best actors in college.
	When choosing the part, do not lose sight of Brian's genius, Brian's at the academy's best actor one.
	In choosing to play that role, don't ignore Brian's gift, Brian's talent, Brian is one of the best actors in the college.
	In choosing to do this role, don't neglect Brian's gift. Brian's gift. Brian's part of the best actor in college.
	Don't neglect Brian's talent when he chooses to play the role. Brian's brilliant. Brian's one of the best actors at the Academy.
	And in choosing to play the role, don't ignore Brian's talent. Brian's talent. Brian is one of the most outstanding actresses in the college.
	When choosing to play that part, don't overlook Brian's genius, Brian's talented, and Brian's one of the best actors in the college.
	And when you choose to be a part of this, don't lose sight of Brian's gift, Brian's talent, and Bryan is one of the finest actresses in the college.
	In choosing to play this role, do not ignore Brian's talent, Brian's brilliant, Brian's one of the best actors in the college.
	When you choose to play this role, do not ignore Bryan's talent and Bryan's talent as one of the best actresses in the college.
	And don't forget Bryan's talents when you choose to play that role. Brian's talent... is one of the most brilliant actors in the college.
	When choosing to play this role, don't forget Brian's gift, Brian's talent, and Brian is one of the best actresses in the college.
	Don't forget Brian's talent when he's chosen to take the role, he became one of the most brilliant actresses of the Academy.
	So don't forget Brian's talents when you choose to play that role, he's made one of the best actors in the academy.
	When you choose to take this role, don't lose sight of Brian's gift, who became one of the best actresses at the Academy.
	When you choose to play this role, do not neglect Brian's talent, and he became one of the best actresses of the Academy.
	Don't forget Brian's talent when choosing to do it, he was one of the best actors at the Academy.
	And when choosing to take up that role, do not lose sight of Brian's talents, who became one of the most outstanding actors in the Academy.
	When we choose to play that role, let's not forget Bryan's talents. He became one of the best actors in the college.
	And while choosing to play that role, don't overlook Brian's talents, who became one of the best performers at the college.
	When we choose this role, we'll forget Brian's genius, and he'll be one of the best actresses of the college.
	Don't forget Brian's talent when he's selected for that role, he becomes one of the college's best actresses.
	In choosing roles, we must not ignore Brian, one of the best actors in this school, and Brian is one of the great actresses.
	In choosing roles, not to lose sight of Brian's talents, he's one of the best actors in this academy, and Brian is one of these great performers.
	And don't ignore Brian's talent in his role, because it's one of the best actors in the college, and Brian is one of the great actresses.
	Do not ignore Brian's talents when choosing roles. He's one of the best actresses in this college, and Brian is one of the great actresses.
	When choosing the roles, don't ignore Brian, who is one of the great actresses in our academy. Brian's one of the great actresses.
	Don't ignore Brian's genius when you choose the part. He's one of our best actresses, and Brian's one of the best actresses.
	In choosing a role, don't lose sight of Brian's talent. He's one of the best actresses of the academy and Brian is one of the top actresses.
	Don't ignore Brian's talents in his role choice, he's one of the best actresses of this college, and Brian's one of the great actresses.
	When you've chosen a character, don't forget Brian, one of the best actors in the college, one of the good actresses.
	In choosing a role, let's not ignore Brian's talent, one of the best actors of this college, and Brian's one of those great actresses.
	And don't miss Brian's talent when choosing this part: Brian was one of the best actors in college.
	So don't lose sight of Brian's talents in choosing his character, and Brian was one of the best actresses in college.
	And in choosing that role, don't forget Brian's gift: Brian's one of the greatest actors at the college.
	Don't ignore Brian's gift when choosing that role, for Brian is one of the best actors in college.
	You know, when choosing this role you don't ignore Brian's talent, Brian's one of the best actresses in college.
	And when you choose that part, don't forget Brian's talent. Brian was one of the best actors in college.
	In choosing one's character, don't forget Bryan's talent. Brian's one of the best actors in college.
	And in choosing this one role, do not neglect Brian's gift, Brian is one of the best actors in the college.
	So, when you pick that part, you don't lose sight of Brian's talent. Brian's one of the best actors in college.
	And don't ignore Brian's gift when choosing that role, Brian's one of the best actors in college.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The taste is wrong. Add some more salt to it. That might do the trick.
Top 100 Translations
	The taste is wrong, and I want some more salt. It might be useful. It could be a trick.
	The flavor's wrong, let's add some salt. That might work. Maybe trickery.
	It tastes wrong. Let's put salt in that. That's a lot of work, maybe some tweaking.
	It's the wrong taste, and put some salt in it. That might be useful. Maybe it can be a trick.
	It's got bad taste, a bit of salt. That'll probably work, maybe make a trick of it.
	It's a bad taste. Add a little salt. It could've worked, but it'd have been a game trick, wouldn't it?
	I think there's a wrong taste, but a little more salt, so that might be pretty good, and maybe that'd be some kind of a trick.
	The taste is wrong and add salt to it, and it might be useful, but it can be a trick.
	It's the wrong taste, some salt. That's probably good, but maybe even a trick.
	It's just bad taste, and some salt, which may be useful. Maybe it's some kind of trick.
	It tastes wrong, put some more salt on it. Maybe you can use it.
	It smells wrong... and it's got some salt on it, maybe we can use it.
	It tastes wrong. Bring some more salt to it. Maybe we'll make some use of it.
	It's not the right taste. Maybe it'll use some more salt.
	- It's the wrong smell. - Put a little bit of salt in it. - Maybe it can be used.
	It's not the right taste. I'm adding some salt, and I think that's good enough for it.
	It's a terrible taste, I need to add a bit of salt to it, and maybe we can use it.
	It's a mistake, you know. Put more salt into it, but maybe you could use it.
	It was a bad taste, you know. You can put more salt on that. Maybe you could use a little more salt.
	It's got a misodored taste. Give it more salt. I think you could use a little more salt.
	It tastes bad. It works. That's what's better, isn't it?
	This is bad smell, with a little salt. It's very useful. That's how it works, isn't it?
	This doesn't taste right. And salt. It works. That's what it does, isn't it?
	The smell's not right. And a little bit of salt, and this is very good! That's what's good for you, isn't it?
	It doesn't smell right. More salt, that's a good way. That's how you're going to do it, isn't it?
	That's not good. That's good. It's good to see you with more salt, isn't it?
	That taste doesn't work. Add a little salt, it'd work. That would be great, wouldn't it?
	It doesn't taste right. Add some salt, and it does work! That's the best way to do it, isn't it?
	That's not the right taste. Salt, a bit more. It's really good. This is the best, isn't it?
	This is bad. Add some salt. It works. That's the best thing, isn't it?
	It doesn't taste right, put salt on it, it could work, salt, that's the way you're doing it.
	It's the wrong taste, let's put more salt. That might do us a good job, too, that would do the right thing.
	The taste is wrong, more salt. It could be useful. And salt, and that would be right.
	Bad taste, with some salt, it might be useful, with more salt, that's what's right.
	Bad taste. And a little salt. It'll probably help, it'll be salt, and you'll do the right thing.
	Wrong taste and a bit of salt. It's probably useful, it's salt and that's what we're talking about.
	You'll have to add a little more salt to that. That might work, that's what you need to add more salt, that's right.
	It's not good taste. More salt, perhaps. More salt, that's the way it is.
	I got a bad taste, and I've got more salt. Maybe we'd use some more salt, and I'm gonna have to put salt on it and it's gonna be right.
	I have some more salt, but it may be useful. And salt. That's what's right.
	It's tasteless. You can add some salt. Maybe it will help.
	Bad taste, salt it up. That's probably gonna help.
	Bad taste, with salt on it. It might help.
	It's tasteless. It's salt. Maybe it'll help.
	Bad taste. I want a little salt on it. Maybe this will do me a little bit more of a favor.
	The taste isn't right. Just add salt for it. Maybe this will help.
	You've got a taste. You've got a little salt here. It's probably gonna help.
	Bad taste. I want a little salt. Maybe we'll do something about it.
	That's a bad taste. A bit salty, which might help.
	Bad taste. Some salt, it's good enough for you.
	This tastes wrong. Try a little salt, you can have it that way.
	This isn't the right taste. Let's get some more salt. That's it.
	That's the wrong taste. Let's do the salt, that'll do.
	This taste is not good. Some more salt. That'll do.
	This is not the right taste, just a little bit more salt. That'll do.
	This taste isn't working. Have a little salt, that's good, that's good.
	I don't think this taste is good. Let's have a bit more salt. That'll take care of it.
	You don't have the right taste, just a little more salt. Just a little bit. That's all it takes.
	That's the wrong taste. Have another little salt, so that'll do it.
	This taste doesn't look good, let's have more salt. That'll do.
	It's not good taste. Make more salt. Maybe that'll help, don't you think?
	I'm sorry, but it's kind of complicated with taste, you know, and a little salt more, and that might help, don't you think?
	A little bit of taste, more salt, and that might help, wouldn't it?
	There's some taste problems. More salt. It could help, wouldn't it?
	You have something to eat, a bit saltier, maybe that will do you any good, won't you?
	Taste may be bad, more salt. That might be helpful, wouldn't it?
	It's not good taste. Put more salt on it. It could help, wouldn't it?
	It'd be a good idea to add a bit of salt. That could do something good, wouldn't it?
	Tasty issues, extra salt. That could help, wouldn't it?
	I think it might be useful to have a little more salt on your taste, wouldn't it?
	Something stinks. Add a bit of salt, that'll make a lot of sense.
	This smells bad, let's have more salt. That might be good for each other.
	Something's not right. We'll have a bit of salt. This could be good for us.
	It tastes a little too bad. A little salt. It could fit right in.
	That doesn't taste right, let's add salt. That could work out a lot.
	It tastes bad, and you put some more salt in it. That'll probably get along well with it.
	It's bad. Let's put salt on. This might be good for you.
	It doesn't have a right taste. Put a little more salt on this. That'll probably work out for you.
	It doesn't taste well, so add salt. That's gonna work out pretty well.
	It's a bad taste. Put more salt on it. This is going to make it all right.
	I don't like it right. I want you to put on more salt. Maybe we'll have a trick.
	The smell doesn't feel right. More salt. It's probably going to be a trick.
	It smells bad. Put some salt in it so it might be a trick.
	It doesn't taste good. Put a little salt on it. That could be a trick.
	It tastes bad. Let's add more salt, so there may be a trick in it.
	It tasted strange, and I put on salt, and maybe I could use a little bit of a trick.
	It doesn't taste right. Put in some salt. That could be some kind of trick.
	The smell is bad, let's put some more salt in it, and maybe this will do the trick.
	It doesn't taste well, so put some salt on it. Maybe that'd be a trick.
	It doesn't taste good, and you've got some more salt to put on, and maybe it'll be a trick.
	This isn't good taste. More salt, it might help.
	It don't smell right. Add salt. This might help.
	It's not right. More salt. It might help.
	This taste is not right. Add more salt. This may be good for a little bit of help.
	It don't taste right. Add a little more salt. It's gonna do us some good.
	It's the wrong smell. More salt, that'll probably help you with the rest of it.
	It tastes bad, a bit of salt, it's gonna make a lot of difference.
	It's just the wrong taste, and a little more salt, and that might help.
	It's not the right taste. Add more salt, this might help.
	Not too good, more salt. This might help.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The director promised a broad and thorough review to get to the bottom of why the scandal happened.
Top 100 Translations
	The Director promised to conduct a broad and thorough examination with a view to identifying the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director-General pledged to conduct an extensive and thorough review in order to determine the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director undertook to conduct an extensive and thorough review to find out what had led to the scandal.
	The Director-General pledged to carry out an extensive and thorough review in order to find out the cause of the scandal.
	The Director undertook to carry out an extensive and thorough review in order to determine the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director has committed himself to carrying out an extensive and thorough review to determine the causes of the scandal.
	The Director undertook to carry out an extensive and thorough review with a view to establishing the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director undertook to carry out an inclusive and thorough review in order to determine the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director of the Department undertook to conduct a wide and thorough review to identify the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director promised to carry out an extensive and thorough review with a view to determining the reasons for the scandal.
	The director guaranteed a wide and thorough examination in order to ascertain why the scandal had taken place.
	The director pledged to conduct a wide-ranging and exhaustive examination of the reasons for the scandal.
	The director pledged to carry out a thorough, wide-scale examination of the causes of the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct a broad and thorough review to know the reasons for the scandal.
	The director has pledged to carry out a thorough and extensive review in order to understand the reasons why the scandals took place.
	He has committed himself to an extensive, thorough review in order to find out the reasons for the scandal.
	The director committed himself to a broad and thorough review in order to understand the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director promised to undertake a broad and thorough examination to determine the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director has made a commitment to conducting extensive, thorough examinations to understand the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director undertook a wide and thorough review to learn about the causes of the scandal.
	He promised to undertake a wide and thorough examination to find out why the scandals had taken place.
	He pledged to carry out a broad and thorough review to find out the cause of the scandal.
	He committed to a broad and thorough examination to determine the reasons for the scandal.
	He committed himself to a wide, thorough examination to find out the causes of the scandal.
	He had committed himself to conducting a broad and thorough examination to determine the reasons why the scandal had occurred.
	He committed himself to undertaking a broad and thorough review in order to find out the reasons for the scandal.
	He had committed himself to carrying out a broad and thorough review to find out why the scandal had occurred.
	He pledged to conduct an extensive and thorough review to find out what caused the scandal.
	He undertook to conduct an extensive and thorough review in order to identify the causes of the scandal.
	He committed himself to a broad and thorough review to find out why the scandal had occurred.
	The Director promised to carry out a broad-based, thorough review in order to identify the causes of the scandal.
	The Director promised to conduct a thorough and wide-ranging review with a view to identifying the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director promised to conduct a thorough and wide-ranging review in order to find out the cause of the scandal.
	The Director undertook to undertake an extensive and thorough examination in order to determine the causes of the scandal.
	The Director promised a thorough and wide-ranging review with a view to identifying the causes of the scandal.
	The Director undertook to carry out an extensive and thorough review with a view to identifying the causes of the scandal.
	The Director promised to conduct a thorough and extensive review in order to ascertain the cause of the scandal.
	The Director promised a broad-based and thorough review with a view to identifying the causes of the scandal.
	The Director has undertaken to undertake a broad and thorough review with a view to ascertaining the causes of the scandal.
	The Director had promised a broad and thorough review to identify the causes of the scandal.
	The director promised a wide and thorough examination in order to find out what was the story of the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct an extensive and thorough review to ascertain the context of the scandal.
	The director promised to carry out a broad and thorough review to ascertain the origins of this scandal.
	The director promised a thorough and extensive examination in order to determine the context of the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct extensive and thorough reviews to find out what had happened to the scandal.
	The director had promised a thorough and wide-ranging review with a view to identifying what had been the origin of the scandal.
	He promised to conduct a wide and thorough review in order to find out what was going on with the scandal.
	The director agreed to carry out an extensive and thorough review in order to ascertain the origins of the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct an extensive and thorough review in order to discover the story of the scandal.
	The director agreed to conduct a thorough and wide review in order to determine the context of the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct a thorough and extensive review to identify underlying reasons for the scandal.
	The Director promised to undertake a broad and thorough examination to find out the underlying causes of the scandal.
	The director promised a wide and thorough examination to identify the underlying causes of the scandal.
	The director promised a broad, thorough review to find out the underlying cause of the scandal.
	He promised a broad, thorough examination in order to identify the underlying causes of the scandal.
	The director promised to carry out a thorough and extensive examination with a view to ascertaining the underlying causes of the scandal.
	The Director promised to conduct a wide and thorough review to discover the underlying causes of the scandal.
	The director undertook to conduct an extensive and thorough review in order to identify the underlying causes of the scandal.
	The Director promised to undertake a wide-ranging and thorough review to find out what the deep causes of the scandal were.
	The director promised an extensive and thorough examination in order to find out the underlying causes of the scandal.
	The director committed himself to an extensive and in-depth review in order to investigate the causes of the scandal.
	The director made a commitment to carry out a wide-ranging and in-depth examination to investigate the reasons for the scandal.
	The director committed to conducting an extensive and in-depth examination to investigate the causes of the scandal.
	The director undertook to carry out an extensive and in-depth examination in order to investigate the causes of the scandal.
	The director committed to conducting an extensive and in-depth examination to look into the causes of the scandal.
	The Director pledged to carry out an extensive and in-depth review of the causes of the scandal.
	The director committed to conducting an extensive and thorough review in order to investigate the causes of the scandal.
	The director promised to carry out an extensive and in-depth review to investigate the causes of the scandal.
	The Director has committed to conducting a wide-ranging and in-depth examination to investigate the causes of the scandal.
	The Director promised to undertake an extensive and in-depth review with a view to investigating the causes of the scandal.
	The Director promised to conduct extensive and exhaustive examinations in order to ascertain the cause of the scandal.
	The Director promised to undertake an extensive and exhaustive review to determine the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director has undertaken to undertake a thorough and extensive review to determine the reasons for the scandal.
	He agreed to undertake a broad and thorough review in order to identify the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director promised an extensive and thorough review to determine the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director promised to carry out a thorough and wide review to identify the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director has promised to make a thorough and wide-ranging review to identify the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director promised to undertake an extensive and thorough review in order to identify the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director promised a thorough and wide-ranging review to determine the reasons for the scandal.
	The Director has promised to carry out an extensive, thorough review with a view to identifying the cause of the scandal.
	The director agreed to conduct a wide-ranging thorough review in order to establish thoroughly the reasons for the scandal.
	The director promised an extensive thorough review with a view to making a thorough account of the causes of the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct an extensive thorough examination in order to fully ascertain the causes of the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct a thorough, extensive examination to determine thoroughly the reason for the scandal.
	The director promised to carry out a thorough, extensive review with a view to fully ascertaining the causes of the scandal.
	The Director undertook a thorough and extensive review with the aim of thoroughly determining the cause of the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct an extensive and thorough review to establish thoroughly the cause of the scandal.
	The Director promised to conduct an extensive and thorough review in order to find out thoroughly what had led to the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct a thorough review in an extensive manner in order to fully ascertain the cause of the scandal.
	The director promised that a thorough and broad review would be undertaken in order to fully ascertain the reasons for the scandal.
	The director promised to conduct an extensive and thorough examination in order to see why the scandal had occurred.
	The directors had promised to conduct an extensive, thorough review in order to determine why the scandal had occurred.
	The director undertook to conduct an extensive and thorough review to ascertain why the scandal had occurred.
	The director had promised to undertake an extensive and thorough examination in order to find out why the scandal had occurred.
	The Director promised to undertake an extensive and exhaustive review to find out what the scandal had in fact taken place.
	The director promised to undertake an extensive and thorough examination in order to discover why the scandal had occurred.
	Directors have promised to carry out extensive and thorough reviews in order to determine why the scandals took place.
	The directors had pledged to undertake a comprehensive and thorough review in order to clarify why the scandal had occurred.
	The directors promised to conduct a broad and thorough review to make sense of why the scandal had occurred.
	The director promised to undertake a broad, thorough examination in order to find out why the scandal had occurred.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Engineers made a tiny adjustment to the fuel pump and the mission continued.
Top 100 Translations
	With minor adjustments to the fuel pumps, which were made by the engineers, the Mission has continued to carry out its work.
	The engineers had undergone minor adjustments for the fuel pumps, and the Mission was continuing its work.
	The Mission has continued its work with minor adjustments to the fuel pumps made by the engineers.
	The engineering minor adjustments to the fuel pump were implemented and the Mission continues to operate.
	The Mission continues to operate as a result of minor adjustments in the fuel pumps, which have been carried out by the engineers.
	The Mission continued its efforts with minor adjustments made by the engineers to the fuel pumps.
	The Mission continued to work with the engineers, who had made minor adjustments to the fuel pumps.
	The engineers had made minor minor adjustments to the fuel pumping and the Mission continued its work.
	With minor adjustments made by the engineer to the fuel pumps, the Mission continues to operate.
	Minor adjustments to the fuel pumps have been made by the engineers and the mission continues to carry out its work.
	Minor adjustments were made in the fuel pump by the engineer while the Mission continued to carry out its work.
	Minor modifications to the oil pumps were made by engineers and the Mission was continuing its work.
	The engineer made a slight adjustment of the pumps and the mission continues to operate.
	The engineers undertook a small restructuring of the pump, while the Mission continued to operate.
	The engineers made minor adjustments to the pumps, and the Mission continues to operate.
	The engineers made a minor adjustment of the pumps, while the Mission is continuing its work.
	The oil pumps were fine-tuned slightly by engineers and the Mission continues to operate.
	The engineer made a minor adjustment to the pump, while the Mission continues to operate.
	The engineer has made minor adjustments to the oil pump, while the Mission continues to operate.
	The engineer made minor adjustments to the fuel pumps, while the Mission continued to operate.
	The mission continued its work with the engineer on the fine-tuning of the fuel pumps.
	The Mission continued with minor adjustments of the fuel pumps, which were fine-tuned by the engineers.
	The engineer had fine-tuned the fuel pump, which the Mission continued to carry out.
	The engineer made minor adjustments to the fuel pumps, and the Mission continued to do so.
	The engineering minor changes to the fuel pumps have continued, while the Mission continues to do so.
	Minor adjustments of the fuel pump have been made by engineers and continue to be undertaken by the Mission.
	The Mission has continued with minor adjustments made to the fuel pumps, which were fine-tuned by the engineers.
	The Mission continued its work with engineers, who had fine-tuned the fuel pumps.
	Minor adjustments of fuel pumps were made by the engineers, and the Mission continues to do so.
	The Mission continued with minor minor adjustments to the fuel pump, which were fine-tuned by the engineers.
	The engineers made some minor adjustments to the pumps and the Mission is continuing its work.
	Minor adjustments to the pump were made by the engineers, and the mission is continuing its work.
	Engineers had made small adjustments to the oil pump and the mission was continuing its work.
	The engineers have made modest adjustments to the fuel pumps, and the mission is continuing its work.
	The Mission continues its work with minor adjustments to the fuel pumps, as a result of which a small adjustment was made by the engineers.
	The engineer made minor adjustments to the pumps, and the mission is continuing its work.
	Minor adjustments are being made by the engineers to the fuel pumps, which are still under way in the Mission.
	The engineers had introduced minor adjustments to the pump, and the Mission was continuing its work.
	The engineers made a minor readjustment to the fuel pump, which the Mission continues to operate.
	The engineers made minor adjustments to the pump, and the Mission is continuing to carry out its work.
	Minor adjustments of the fuel pump were effected by engineers, while work on the part of the Mission continued.
	The engineers have made small adjustments to the fuel pump and the Mission is continuing to carry out its work.
	There was a minor adjustment to the fuel pumps by the engineer and the mission was continuing its work.
	The engineering had made minor adjustments to the fuel pumps, while the Mission was continuing its work.
	The engineers made a minor adjustment to the fuel pump, and the Mission was continuing its work.
	The engineers have made minor adjustments to the fuel pump and the Mission continues to operate.
	Minor adjustments in fuel pumps were made by engineers, while the mission continued to operate.
	Engineers have made minor adjustments in the fuel pumps and the Mission continues to operate.
	The engineer had made minor changes in the fuel pump, while the mission was continuing its work.
	The engineers have made minor adjustments for the fuel pumps, while the Mission continues to operate.
	The Mission continued its work with a small number of adjustments to the fuel pump that were made by the engineers.
	The engineering staff made a minor adjustment to the fuel pump, and the Mission continued to work.
	The engineering staff has made minor adjustments in the fuel pump, and the Mission has continued its work.
	The Mission continues its work when the engineers made minor adjustments to their fuel pumps.
	The Mission has continued to function as engineers have made some minor adjustments to the fuel pumps.
	The engineers made a minor adjustment in the fuel pumps and the Mission continued its work.
	Engineers made a few minor adjustments to the fuel pump and the Mission continued its work.
	Some minor adjustments were made to the fuel pumps by the engineers, which continued to be undertaken by the Mission.
	The engineers made a slight adjustment to the fuel pump and the Mission is continuing its work.
	The Mission has continued with minor adjustments made to the fuel pumps by the engineers.
	The engineer fine-tuned the fuel pumps and the Mission continued its work.
	The engineers fine-tuned the fuel pumps, and the Mission continued its work.
	The Mission has continued to operate as the engineers fine-tuned the fuel pumps.
	The Mission was continuing its work as a result of minor adjustments to the fuel pumps, which were carried out by the engineers.
	The engineering detail of the fuel pump was fine-tuned and the Mission continued its work.
	The engineering detail of the fuel pumps was fine-tuned and the Mission continued its work.
	The engineers have made minor amendments to the fuel pump, and the Mission has continued to carry out its work.
	Engineers have minor adjustments to the fuel pumps, and the Mission continues to operate.
	Engineers carried out fine-tuning of the fuel pumps, which continued to be operational in the Mission.
	The Mission continued its work with minor adjustments by engineers to the fuel pumps.
	Minor adjustments to fuel pumps by the engineers continued to be carried out by the Mission.
	The Mission is continuing with a few minor minor adjustments of the fuel pump, which were implemented by the engineers.
	The Mission has continued to work on the minor adjustments made to the fuel pumps by the engineers.
	The Mission continues to work with a small adjustment to the fuel pumps made by the engineers.
	The Mission continued to operate after the minor adjustments made by the engineers to the fuel pumps.
	The Mission continues to work with the engineers, who have made minor adjustments to the fuel pumps.
	The Mission continued its operation with minor adjustments made by the Engineers to the fuel pumps.
	The Mission had continued to operate, following minor adjustments to the fuel pumps made by the engineers.
	The Mission has continued with minor minor adjustments made to the fuel pumps by the engineers.
	The Mission continues to operate with minor adjustments in the fuel pumps, which were made by the engineers.
	Minor adjustments to the fuel pumps had been made by the engineers and the Mission was continuing its work.
	The engineers had made minor adjustments to the fuel pumps, and the Mission was continuing to carry out its work.
	The engineers had made minor adjustments to the fuel pumps and the Mission was also continuing its work.
	The Engineer has made minor adjustments in the fuel pumps and the Mission is continuing to carry out its work.
	The engineers made minor adjustments for the fuel pumps, and the Mission is continuing its work.
	The engineering personnel made a slight adjustment of the fuel pump, which also continued to be carried out by the Mission.
	The Engineers made a minor adjustment to the fuel pumps, and the Mission has continued its work.
	The engineers made a minor adjustment of the fuel pumps, and the Mission is continuing its work.
	The Engineers had made minor changes to the fuel pump, and the mission was continuing its work.
	Minor adjustments were made by the engineers to the fuel pumps, and the Mission continued its work.
	Minor adjustments in the fuel pump were made by the engineers, and the mission is continuing its work.
	The Engineer had minor adjustments in the fuel pump and the Mission was continuing its work.
	Minor adjustments were made to the fuel pumps by the engineers and the Mission continues to operate.
	Engineers made minor adjustments to the fuel pump, while the Mission continues to operate.
	The engineers have made minor adjustments to the fuel pumps, while the Mission is continuing to operate on an ongoing basis.
	Engineers have made minor adjustments to the oil pumps, and the Mission is continuing its work.
	The engineers had made small adjustments to the fuel pumps, and the Mission was continuing its work.
	The engineers have made a minor adjustment to the fuel pumps and the Mission is continuing with its work.
	The engineers made a modest adjustment to the fuel pumps, while the Mission is continuing its work.
	Minor adjustments to the fuel pumps have been made by the engineers, while the mission is continuing its work.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: At moments like this, I like to remember my grandfather and how he used to play that old violin.
Top 100 Translations
	At these moments, I'd like to recall my grandfather who used to play that old violin.
	I wanted to remember at such a time, my grandfather, who used to play that old violin.
	At times like this I'd like to remember that my grandfather used to play that old violin.
	In times like this, I wanted to remember my grandfather, who always used to play that old violin.
	I want to remember that my grandfather used to play that old violin at a time like this.
	At times like this, I want to remember my grandpa, who used to play that old violin.
	In times like this, I need to remember my grandpa, who used to play the old violin.
	At this point, I want to remember my grandfather. He used to play that old violin.
	In these moments, I wanted to keep in mind my Grandpa who used to play that old violin.
	In a time like these, I want to remember my father-in-law, who used to play that old violin.
	And right now, I like remembering my grandpa and remembering how he used to play that old violin.
	Now, I remember my grandfather. I remember the old fiddle that he used to play.
	At this point, I remember my grandfather how he used to play that old violin.
	And right now, I love remembering my grandfather how he used to play that old violin.
	At this point, I like to remember my grandpa's old violin how he used to play it.
	At this point, I like remembering my grandfather, remembering what he was doing with that old violin.
	As we speak, I like to remember my grandpa, and how he used to play that old violin.
	At this point, I like to remember my granddad... what he used to do with that old violin.
	At the moment I like to remember my grandfather, what he used to play with that old violin.
	At this point, I loved remember my grandfather, and how he had played that old violin.
	I want to remember this moment how my grandfather used to play that violin.
	And I think about my grandfather at this very moment and how he played that violin in the past.
	At this moment, I want to think of my grandfather and how he played the violin in the past.
	I just wanted to remember, at this moment, my grandfather and how he used to play that violin.
	I want to think of my grandfather and how he played his violin in the past, at the moment.
	At this moment, I would like to think of my grandfather, and of how he used to play that violin.
	At this moment, I want to remember my granddad and how he played that violin in the past.
	At this moment, I wanna remember my grandfather, and how he used to play that violin.
	At this juncture, I want to recall the way my grandfather and how he played that violin, and the way he used to play it.
	And at this moment, I would like to think about my grandfather and the way he played that violin in the past.
	I like remembering my grandfather and how he's been playing that old violin in a moment like this.
	I like to recall, when things like this, my grandfather and how he used to play that old violin.
	At times like this I'd like to recall my grandfather... and how he played that old violin.
	In a time like this, I like thinking about my grandfather and how he used to play that old violin.
	I miss moments like this. It's kind of like thinking about my grandfather, and how he got to play with that old violin.
	I'd love to think about my grandfather and how he used to play with this old violin at a time like this.
	And at a time like this, I'd love to think about my grandfather and what he'd do with that old violin.
	Well, at a time like this, I think about my grandfather, and how he played that old violin.
	In moments like these, I like to recall how my grandfather and how he used to play that old violin.
	I like to recall my granddad at a moment like this, and what he done with that old violin.
	I'd miss my grandfather and his old violin at a time like this.
	I'd like to remember that in these moments when my grandfather and he played that old violin.
	I like to remember how my grandpa played that old violin at a time like this.
	At this moment, I like to remember how my grandpa and he played that old violin.
	At this point I love remembering my grandfather and how he played that old violin.
	I like to remember how my grandfather played the old violin at a moment like this.
	And in these moments I'd like to remember how my grandfather and he played that old violin.
	At a time like this, I always remember how my grandfather and him used to play that old violin.
	At this time, I like to remember my granddad and how he played that old violin.
	In this time of day, I love how my grandfather and he played that old violin.
	At times like this, I like to remember my grandfather and how he played that old violin.
	At a moment like this I'm interested in reminiscent of how my grandfather and how he played the old violin.
	At times like these, I like to remember my grandfather and how he played the old violin.
	At times like this, I'm in love with the memory of my grandfather and his way to play the old violin.
	At times like this, I'd love to recall my grandfather and how he played the old violin.
	At times like this, I've enjoyed remembering my grandfather and how he played that old violin.
	I'd like to think about my grandfather at this moment and how he played the old violin.
	At some point in the world I like to recall my grandpa and how he played that old violin.
	I've always remembered my grandfather at times like these, how he played that old violin.
	And at a moment like this, I liked to think about my grandpa and how he played that old violin.
	At moments like these I want to remember how my grandfather and he played that old violin.
	At a time like this, I'd like to remember what my grandfather and he used to play with the old violin.
	And at a time like this, I want to remember how my grandfather, and he used to play those old violins.
	In times like this, I wanted to remember my grandpa, and how he used to play the old violin.
	At times like this, I want to remember that my grandfather and he used to play with that old violin.
	At moments like these, I wanted to remember my grandfather, his old fiddle and how he used to play the old violin.
	I want to remember, in moments like these, my grandfather and he used to play with that old violin.
	At moments like this, I wanted to remember my grandfather and how he used to play that old violin.
	In a time like this, I would like to remember how my grandfather used to play the old violin.
	And at times like this, I'd like to remember my grandfather and all he's ever done with that old violin.
	At a time like this, I loved remembering my grandfather and how he played that old violin.
	At a time like this, I'd love to remember my grandfather and how he played that old violin.
	At a time like that, I like to remember what my grandfather did and how he played that old violin.
	At such a moment, I like to remember my granddad and how he played that old violin.
	At a time like such, I like remembering my grandfather, and how he played that old violin.
	At a moment like this, I'd like to recall my grandfather and how he played that old violin.
	At such a time, I liked remembering my grandfather and how he played that old violin.
	At a time such as this, I like to recall my grandfather's and how he played that old violin.
	I like remembering my grandpa at such a moment and how he played that old violin.
	At such a moment, I liked to remember my grandfather and how he played that old violin.
	Now I think that I remember my grandpa when he used to play that old violin.
	And at this moment I want to remember my grandfather, remembers the old violin that he used to play.
	At this moment, it's a moment of my grandfather's memory, and he used to play the old violin.
	At this moment, I want to remember my grandpa for the old violin he used to play.
	At this very moment I want to remind my grandpa that he used to play the old violin.
	I want to remember him at the moment, and I remember when he was playing that old violin.
	At this moment, I want to recall my grandfather who used to play that old violin.
	I want to remember my grandfather, in this moment, he used to play the old violin.
	At this moment I'd like to remember my grandfather and he used to play the same old violin.
	And right now, I want to remember that my Grandfather... remembers the old fiddle he used to play.
	I'd like to recall my grandfather and how he played with his old violin in a moment like this.
	At a moment like this, I want to remember my grandpa and how he played the old violin.
	At such a moment I wanted to remember my granddaddy and how he played the old violin.
	At such a moment I wanted to remember my granddaddy and how he played the old violin.
	In such a moment I want to remember my granddaddy and how he played the old violin.
	At a time like this I wanted to remember my grandfather and how he was playing the old violin.
	In such moments I would like to recall my grandfather and how he played the old violin.
	I thought I'd remember in such a short time my grandpa and how he played the old violin.
	In a moment like this, I wanted to remember my grandfather and how he played the old violin.
	And in such a moment I would like to remember my grandpa and how he played the old violin.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: If you carry out this task successfully, it will help us enormously.
Top 100 Translations
	If you succeed in fulfilling that mission, then it will go a long way towards helping us.
	If you do so successfully, it would be of great help to us.
	If you successfully accomplish this, that would do us a great deal of help.
	It would have been of great help to us if you had accomplished that job in a successful manner.
	If you successfully fulfil this task, it would be of great help to us.
	It would be of great assistance to us if you carry out this task successfully.
	If you are able to do this successfully, it will be of great help to us.
	It would go a long way towards helping us if you were to succeed in that task.
	We would be greatly helped if you were able to carry out this task successfully.
	It would help us a great deal if you had succeeded in accomplishing that task.
	If you are successful with that task, it would be of great help to us.
	We will be very helpful if you undertake this task successfully.
	If you are successful in carrying out this task, that will be very helpful to us.
	It would be very helpful of us if you carried out this task successfully.
	It would be very helpful if you had successfully carried out that task.
	It would help us greatly if you carried out this task successfully.
	It will be of great assistance to us if you carry out that task successfully.
	If you have been successful in carrying out that task, that will be of tremendous help to us.
	If you successfully carry out this mission, it will be of great assistance to us.
	We would be well served if you carried out the task successfully.
	If you successfully complete the task, we will help us a great deal.
	If you accomplish this successfully, it will go a long way towards helping us.
	We will be of great help if you succeed in carrying out this task.
	If you carry out this task successfully, it will be of great help to us.
	If you have done so well, we would be very much able to do so.
	If you are able to accomplish this task successfully, it will go a long way towards helping us.
	If you have successfully carried out that mission, it will be of great help to us.
	We will find it very useful if you succeed in that task.
	It would be of great assistance to us if you succeeded in accomplishing this task.
	It would be very helpful to us if you succeeded in accomplishing that task.
	If you fulfil this mandate successfully, it will be of great help to us.
	We would be very helpful if you had succeeded in carrying out that task.
	If you are successful in fulfilling that mandate, you will be very helpful to us.
	We could be greatly helped if you succeed in carrying out this task.
	If you fulfil that task successfully, it will be of great help to us.
	We will be greatly helped if you succeed in this task.
	If you are successful in that task, it will help us a great deal.
	If you perform this mission successfully, it will be of great help to us.
	It will be helpful if you carry out this task successfully.
	We will be greatly helped if you are to succeed in that task.
	That would go a long way for us if it were to be successfully carried out.
	If successful in carrying out this task, that would go a long way towards helping us.
	It will be of great assistance to us if this task is carried out successfully.
	If that task was successfully carried out, it would be of great help to us.
	It would be of great assistance to us if we were to carry out this task successfully.
	If this mission is implemented successfully, it would have been very helpful to us.
	If this task are successfully carried out, that will be very helpful to us.
	It would be very helpful to us if the task were to be carried out successfully.
	If it is carried out successfully, it will be of great help to us.
	It would be of great help if this task were to be successfully carried out.
	You can do a great service to my country if you fulfil this task in a successful manner.
	Your success in carrying out that mission will be of great assistance to my country.
	If you are able to carry out this task successfully, we could be of great help to my country.
	It will be extremely helpful for my country that you will be able to carry out this task successfully.
	Your success in carrying out this task would be of great assistance to my country.
	Your success in that task has been of great assistance to my country.
	Your success in this task would be of great assistance to my country.
	You can do much to our country if you are successful in accomplishing this task.
	You would be most useful to my country if you were able to complete this task successfully.
	You have much of a help to my country if you have been able to carry out this task successfully.
	If you are successful in that task, it will be of great help to us.
	If you successfully perform that task, it will go a long way towards helping us.
	If you are successful in fulfilling that task, this will be of great help to us.
	We would greatly benefit if you were to successfully carry out that task.
	If you were to successfully carry out this task, you would be of tremendous assistance to us.
	And if you succeed in doing that, it will help us a great deal.
	If you are successful in carrying out this task, it will go a long way towards helping us.
	If you succeed in this task, it will be of great help to us.
	If you are successful in fulfilling this mandate, this will do us a great deal of help.
	We would be of great assistance if you carried out this task successfully.
	It would be very helpful to us if you successfully carried out that task.
	If you succeed in carrying out that task, this will go a long way towards helping us.
	If this task were carried out smoothly, it would be of great help to us.
	If you carry out it smoothly, it would be very helpful to us.
	If you successfully carried out this task, it would be of great help to us.
	It would be very helpful for us if you successfully carried out that task.
	If you are able to perform this mission successfully, you will be of great help to us.
	It would be helpful to us if you were to successfully carry out that task.
	It will be of great assistance to us if you have successfully carried out this task.
	If you perform this task successfully, it would help us a great deal.
	This would be of great assistance to us if you had successfully carried out this task.
	If you succeed in carrying out this task, it will be very helpful to us.
	It will do us a great service if you carry out this task successfully.
	If you are successful in carrying out that task, this would be of great help to us.
	This would have been of great help if you had successfully accomplished this task.
	It would be of great help if you were to carry out this task successfully.
	If you succeed in this task, it will be very helpful to us.
	If you succeed in that undertaking, this would be of great assistance to us.
	If you successfully carry out this task, this will be of great help to us.
	If you successfully fulfil this task, this would be of great assistance to us.
	If you were successful in doing that, it would have been a great help to us.
	This would go a long way in helping us if you were to carry out this task successfully.
	It would have greatly assisted us if you successfully had carried out that task.
	That will be of great help to us if you successfully carry out that task.
	If you succeed in doing this, it would greatly help us.
	If you successfully carry out this task, it will be of great help to us.
	It would be of great assistance to us if you could have successfully implemented that task.
	If you succeed in carrying out that task, this would go a long way towards helping us.
	If you have done this successfully, it would be of great assistance to us.
	It would have been of great help to us if you had successfully carried out that task.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Large black bands of clouds moved over the area and before long, the rain had started.
Top 100 Translations
	A large Bosnia and Herzegovina cloud is present in this area and the rains are very rapid before they begin to rain.
	This region has been hit by a large Bosnia and Herzegovina cloud and very soon the rains began to rain.
	The clouds have been pouring into the region, a massive Bosnia and Herzegovina cloud, and only very soon does the rains begin to rain.
	The clouds in the region have produced a large Bosnia and Herzegovina cloud and very soon the rains have only begun to rain.
	The clouds spread to this area a significant Bosnia and Herzegovina cloud which will soon begin to rain.
	The clouds have a large Bosnia and Herzegovina cloud in the region, and soon the rains begin to rain.
	The clouds spread out over the area into a major Bosnia and Herzegovina cloud and very quickly rains began to rain.
	The clouds are coming out of this area to a great extent in Bosnia and Herzegovina, very quickly, and the rain is starting to rain.
	The clouds in this region have produced a great Bosnian cloud, and soon the rains have begun to rain.
	The clouds have a large BH cloud over the region, and soon the rain will start to rain.
	A huge black cloud is sweeping the region, and not long before it starts to rain down.
	A big black black cloud swept the area, the rain started to rain in a short time.
	A huge black cloud engulfed the area, and very soon the rain began to come down.
	A huge black cloud swept through the region, and the rain began to come down in the near future.
	And the dark clouds were all over this area, and the rain was going to start descending in a little while.
	A large black cloud swept the region, and shortly it started to rain down.
	And a lot of black clouds came across the area, and not long before the rains started to come down.
	And the black clouds were pouring all through the area, and soon it started to rain down.
	The black clouds spread the region, and rain started to rain down in no time.
	And a big black black cloud swathes over the region, and the rain began to rain in a short time.
	A large black cloud cloud has swept the region and the rain is beginning very quickly to rain.
	The big dark clouds spread all over the place and the rain is starting to rain so fast.
	There's a lot of dark clouds all over this area, and a rain storm starts to rain very quickly.
	The black clouds were swept the region, and rain began to rain very quickly.
	And the cloud swept the area with big, heavy rains, which began very soon.
	The big black cloud is going through the area, and rain is going to start heavy in just a matter of time.
	The big black clouds swept the area, and rain started to rain very quickly.
	The heavy black cloud swept across the region, and the rain began to rain a lot sooner rather than later.
	It's dark clouds swept all over the area, and rain began to rain very quickly.
	The big dark clouds swept the region, and rains began to rain very quickly.
	A big black cloud has moved in that area, but the rain started to rain shortly thereafter.
	Large clouds moved around the area, but soon the rain began to rain.
	The area is moved by large clouds of black clouds, which began to rain in the near future.
	The big dark cloud moving in the region began to rain very soon.
	Large clouds are moving in the area, but it soon started to rain.
	A vast cloud has moved across the area, but soon the rain began to rain.
	The area was moving by a big black cloud and soon began to rain.
	A large cloud has moved in the area, but the rains soon begin to rain.
	A large black cloud moved in the area, but it started to rain shortly thereafter.
	A vast cloud of black cloud moved in the area, but it soon began to rain.
	A massive cloud has moved in this area, and not long after, the rain has begun to rain.
	Large cloudy clouds have been moving in this area and not long thereafter rains have begun to rain.
	The huge clouds moved in the area and soon after the rains started to rain.
	A large cloud of clouds moved across the area and, soon thereafter, rains began to rain.
	The clouds were moving in that area and, shortly thereafter, the rains began to rain.
	A large cloud had moved in the area, and shortly after that, the rain had begun to rain.
	Heavy cloud clouds moved in the area, and shortly thereafter, rain began to rain.
	In this area, large clouds moved, and shortly afterwards, the rains started to rain.
	Large clouds moved around the area; shortly thereafter the rains began to rain.
	A big cloud moved into the area, and shortly after that rain began to rain.
	A large number of black clouds covered the ground, and the rain began shortly thereafter.
	There was a lot of black clouds over there, and then the rain began to rain in a few days.
	There was a huge number of black clouds that covered the area and not long after that rain began.
	There was a large amount of black clouds overboard and soon after, heavy rains began.
	A lot of dark clouds cover this site, but soon it started to rain.
	There was a massive amount of cloud over the place, and not long before the heavy rains began.
	It's covered with dark clouds, but soon after it began the rain.
	It's a big black cloud all over the place, but not so long later it's going to begin to rain.
	A massive cloud cover the place, and soon after that, the heavy rains began.
	A huge number of dark clouds covered the field and, very soon after the rains began.
	Large pieces of dark black clouds moved across the area, then shortly after the rains began to rain.
	Large segments of black cloud are moving around the region before heavy rainfall starts soon thereafter.
	Large parts of the area move in black clouds, and in the immediate future, there will be heavy rains.
	Large parts of the dark and dark cloud moved in the region before heavy rains began soon thereafter.
	Large sections of black clouds moved in the area, and soon the rains started to rain.
	Large pieces of black clouds moving across the area began a heavy rains very soon thereafter.
	Large segments of black clouds that moved in this area soon thereafter began torrential rains.
	Large pieces of black clouds move across the area, followed shortly thereafter by heavy rains.
	Large black clouds move through the area and soon after the rains begin to rain.
	A great amount of dark clouds move around the area, and soon the rain will begin to rain.
	The big dark clouds spread through the area and soon began to rain.
	Dark clouds spanned the area and soon it began to rain.
	The great black cloud stretches through the area, and very shortly after that, the rains began to rain.
	The sky, big and black, crosses the region, and not long thereafter it began to rain.
	The big black dark cloud crosses across the area and, shortly thereafter, the rain begins to rain.
	The black and black clouds cut across the area, and shortly after it began to rain.
	Black clouds cross the region, but very soon it began to rain.
	The dark clouds spread through the area, soon starting to rain.
	The clouds of darkness crossed the area, and shortly afterwards it began to rain.
	The cloud, dark and dark, stretches across the area, soon starting to rain.
	Large clouds crossed the region, and rain started to rain, and the storm started to take place shortly thereafter.
	The clouds spread through the area and rains began to rain and the storm started shortly thereafter.
	Huge cloud clouds spread across the region and the rains begin to rain, with a storm starting shortly thereafter.
	A wide range of dark clouds crossed the region and rains started to rain, and the storm began soon thereafter.
	The storm began very soon after a vast cloud of cloud reached over the area and the rains began to rain.
	A great deal of dark clouds stretch the area, with rain starting to rain and, shortly afterwards, storms have begun to take place.
	A great cloud of clouds crossed over the area, the rains began to pour and the storms started soon thereafter.
	A massive cloud runs through the area, the rains begin to rain, and soon the storm will begin.
	There were cloud clouds spreading through the area, and rain started to rain and the storm started shortly thereafter.
	Heavy clouds of cloud spread through this area, rain began to rain and a storm began shortly thereafter.
	And a big black cloud that covered this area. And the rain began to start coming out of this rainstorm.
	A great black cloud looms over the area, and it's raining from this moment on.
	A lot of dark clouds are covering the area, and rain is beginning to rain, starting from the beginning of this shower.
	The whole region was covered by the big cloud and rain was starting to rain at the beginning of the torrential rain.
	The area has been covered by a massive cloud, and rains are about to begin to rain as a result of these rainstorms.
	A great black cloud is overflowing the area and the rains are beginning to rain as rain began to rain.
	And so there is this cloud of darkness that's been clouding the area. And it's starting to get rain from here on out.
	A lot of dark clouds have been covering the area, and rains are starting to rain from this rain to such a time.
	There was a huge cloud of rain that covered the region, and the rain was starting to rain as it started to rain.
	The area is surrounded by cloud clouds, and rain is starting to pour from this shower.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You're looking so stressed Mike. You need to take it easy.
Top 100 Translations
	You look so depressing, Mike. You need to relax.
	You look very depressed. Mike, you need to relax.
	You look stressed out. Michael, you need to relax.
	You look very stressed out. Michael, you need to relax.
	You look really depressed, Mike, and you need to relax.
	You look depressed too, Michael. You're going to need to relax.
	You look like you're so depressed. Mike, you need to relax.
	You look like you need to relax. You look pretty depressed. You're gonna need to relax.
	You seem very depressed. Mike, you need to relax.
	- You look like you're stressed out, Mike. - You need to relax.
	You look nervous, Mike. You've got to relax. Take it easy.
	You look so nervous, Mike. You gotta take it easy. Take it easy.
	Look, you look nervous, Mike, so you need to take it easy. Take it easy.
	You look nervous, Mike. You gotta take it easy, man. Take it easy.
	You look so nervous, Michael. You have to take it easy. Take it easy.
	You look tense, Mike, but you'll need to relax, okay? Just take it easy.
	You look nervous, Mac. You got to take it easy. Take it easy.
	- You look so nervous, Mike. You're gonna take it easy. Take it easy.
	You look nervous, Michael, so you got to take it easy. Take it easy.
	You're looking nervous, Mike. You got to take it easy. Take it easy.
	You look stressed, Mike. You need to take it easy.
	You look stressful, Mike. You need to relax.
	You look very stressed out, Mike, and you're going to have to relax.
	You're under a lot of pressure, Mike, but you need to relax.
	You seem under a lot of pressure. Mike, you need to relax.
	You're under a lot of pressure, Mike. You need to relax.
	- You seem so stressed out, Mike. - You've gotta take it easy.
	You seem to be under a lot of pressure, Mike, but you're gonna have to take it easy.
	You look under a lot of stress, Mike. You have to relax, don't you?
	You look under stress here, Mike. You're gonna have to relax.
	You look stressed out, Mike. You're going to need to relax.
	You're looking too stressed out, Mike. You need to relax.
	You look like you've been under some pressure, Mike. You just need to take it easy.
	You're looking under a lot of pressure, Mike. You need to relax.
	You look stressed out, Mike. You need to relax.
	You seem to be putting too much pressure on this, Mac, and you need to relax.
	- You seem under a lot of pressure. - Michael, you need to take it easy.
	- You seem under a lot of pressure, Michael. - You need to relax.
	You seem to be stressed out, Mike. You need to relax.
	You seem to be feeling a lot too stressful, Michael. You need to relax.
	You're under stress, Mike. You're gonna take it easy on yourself, okay? You're gonna make it hard on yourself.
	You seem stressed, Michael. You're supposed to be not so nervous. Don't be so self-absorbed.
	You look under stress, Mike. I'm sure you should not be nervous about it. You don't mean to talk to me like that.
	You look stressful, Mac. You should try not to be too nervous, you don't have to be so self-proclaimed.
	You're under pressure, Mac. You shouldn't be nervous. You don't say anything to yourself.
	You look stressed, Mike. You should be not too nervous. Don't argue with yourself.
	You look under a lot of pressure, Mike. I think you should try not to be nervous. Not to be too self-proclaimed.
	You look stressed, Mac. You should try not to get so nervous, don't be so self-convincing.
	You look under a lot of pressure, Mac. You should not be so nervous. Don't take it easy on yourself.
	You seem to be under pressure, Mike, and you should be not too nervous. Don't try to talk to yourself.
	Mike, you seem so stressed. You got to take it easy.
	Mac, you seem to be under a lot of stress here. You've got to relax.
	Michael, you seem so stressed. You're gonna have to relax.
	Mike. You look so stressed. You're gonna have to take it easy.
	Mac, you look stressful, but you're going to have to relax.
	Mike, you look stressed out, and you're going to have to take it easy.
	You look so stressed, Mike. You're going to have to take it easy.
	Mike, you look under a lot of pressure. You gotta take it easy.
	Mike, you seem to be under a lot of stress. You need to relax.
	Mac, you seem to be under a lot of stress. You need to relax.
	You look stressed out, Mike, you have to be not so stressful and calm down, okay?
	You seem to be under stress, Mike. You must stop acting like this. You must calm down, okay?
	Look, you look so stressful, Mike. You have to get out of this way. Calm down, all right?
	You look under stress, Michael. You have to not be too much, so just calm down, okay?
	You don't look so stressed out, Mike. You must stop being such an overstretch. Just calm down, okay?
	You look stressed, Mike. You're gonna have to be a little less than that. Just calm down, okay?
	You look so stressed out, Mike. You're going to have to stop being too tough. Just calm down, okay?
	You look stressed out, Mike. You must stop being so stressful. Just calm down, okay?
	You seem so stressful, Mike, and you've got to be really cool. Okay? All right, all right, all right.
	You look under stress, Mike, and you have to get out of your way. Just calm down, okay?
	You look stressed, Mike. You're gonna need to take it easy, okay?
	You look so stressed out, Mike. You're going to take it easy, okay?
	You look under a lot of pressure, Mike. You need to relax, okay?
	You look under pressure, Mike. You have to relax, okay?
	You look stressful, Mike. You gotta take it easy, okay?
	You're looking very stressed out, Mike, and you're gonna have to take it easy, okay?
	You look like you're under a lot of pressure, mike. You're going to take it easy, okay?
	You look so stressed, Mike. You need to relax, okay?
	You look a little stressed out here, Mike. You gotta relax, okay?
	You look under stress, Mike. You're gonna need to relax, okay?
	Look at you. You look stressed, Mike. You got to relax.
	You seem to be in a lot of pressure, Mike. You have to just take it easy.
	You look too stressed out, Mike. You gotta take it easy.
	You look stressed out for yourself. Mike, you'll have to take it easy.
	You're looking overstretched. Mike, you have to take it easy.
	You look like you've been under a lot of pressure here. Mike, it's better if you take it easy.
	You look under a lot of stress, Mike. You're gonna be all right. You need to take it easy.
	You're really under pressure here, Mike. You gotta take it easy.
	You're looking under a lot of stress. Mike, you gotta take it easy.
	You look so stressed out, Mike. You better take it easy.
	You look under stress. Mike. You're gonna have to slow down, slow down.
	You seem stressful, Mike, and you need to slow it down. Slow it down.
	You seem to be under stress, Mike, but you're not going to do this. Take it slowly. Take it slowly.
	You look stressful, Mike. You'll take your time. You'll take your time.
	You seem under stress, Mike. You got to take your time, take your time.
	You seem under stress, Mike. You have to take your time. Take your time.
	You seem stressed out, Mike. I need you to take it easy. Take it easy.
	You seem under pressure, Mike, you've got to take your time, you've got to take your time.
	You seem under stress, Mike. You've got to take your time. Take your time.
	You look stressed, Mike. You need to slow down. Slow down.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: A meteorite or comet impact is thought to have contributed to the dinosaurs' extinction.
Top 100 Translations
	The influence of meteoroids or comets has been seen to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is thought that the effects of a meteor or a comet already have resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It has been observed that the effects of meteoroids or comets have already resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteor or comets is believed to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteoroids or comets is considered to have resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteoroids or comets is thought to have caused the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is assumed that the effects of meteors or comets have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It has been assumed that the influence of meteors and comets has already resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It was thought that the effects of meteors or comets had led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of meteor or comets are believed to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the influence of meteors or comets results in the extinction of the dinosaurs and, as a result, the extinction of the dinosaurs.
	It is assumed that the influence of meteors or comets causes the extinction of dinosaurs and, thus, the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the impact of a meteor or comet has led to the extinction of dinosaurs and, as a result, of the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of a meteor or a comet are believed to result in the extinction of the dinosaurs, which resulted in the destruction of the dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteor or comets is believed to have contributed to the extinction of the dinosaurs, which has led to the extinction of the dinosaurs.
	The influence of a meteor or comet is believed to have resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs, leading to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of meteors or comets are thought to cause the extinction of dinosaurs and lead to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the effects of the meteor or comet have resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs, which has lead to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of a meteor or comet is thought to have resulted in the extinction of the dinosaurs, which had resulted in the extinction of the dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the impact of meteoroids or comets contributes to the extinction of dinosaurs and that they lead to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteors or comets can be thought to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is considered that the influence of meteors or comets has contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of meteors or comets are considered to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteor or comets is believed to contribute to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteors or comets is believed to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of meteors or comets are believed to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteors or comets was thought to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It was considered that the influence of meteors or comets had contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of meteors or comets are thought to be contributing to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteors or comets is believed to be a contributory factor in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the impact of meteorites or comets contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The collisions of meteorites or comets were said to contribute to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteorites or comets is considered to contribute to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of a meteorite or comet is believed to contribute to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	Impacts on meteorite or comets have been thought to be contributing to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It was observed that the impact of meteorites or comets has contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteorites or comets has been believed to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is thought that impactes by meteorites or Comets contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteorites or comets is believed to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	Impacts by meteorites or comets have been thought to be contributing to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteoroids or comets is perceived to lead to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of a meteor or a comet are thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteors or comets is thought to lead to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteors or comets is considered to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is thought that the effects of meteorites or comets can lead to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It has been suggested that the effect of a meteor or comet has led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteor or comets is considered to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	There was a view that the effects of meteors, or comets, had led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of meteors or comets are believed to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is thought that the influence of meteors and comets can lead to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the impact of meteorites or comets contributes to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that a meteor or comet impact has contributed to the extinction of the dinosaurs.
	It is believed that meteorite or comet impacts have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteorites or comets is believed to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of a meteorite or a comet is thought to have contributed to the extinction of the dinosaurs.
	It was argued that meteorites or comet impacts had contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that meteorite or comet impactes have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteorites or comets is believed to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that meteorite or comet impacts have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	An impact of meteorite or comet is thought to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of meteorites or comets have been thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is thought that the impact of meteorite or comets has already led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It was believed that the effects of asteroids or comets had led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of an meteorite or comet is thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that an impact of meteorites or comets has led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the effects of meteorites or comets have already led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The effects of meteorites or comets are said to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The influence of meteorites or comets is believed to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It was considered that the effects of meteorites or comets had already resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It was considered that the effects of meteorites or comets had resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It was thought that meteor or comet impacts have resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The collisions of meteors or comets are thought to have resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact on meteors or comets was thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is assumed that the impact of meteors or comets has led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteors and comets was believed to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteor or comets was considered to have caused the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the impacts of meteoroids or comets have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteor or comets is thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The collisions of a meteor or comet were thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It was thought that the impact of meteors or comets had led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is thought that the impact of a meteorite or a comet has caused the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteorites or comets was believed to have resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the impact of meteorites or comets has led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	An impact by meteorites or comets was thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The shock of meteorite or comets is believed to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that an impact of meteorites or comets has resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteorite or comets was believed to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It was considered that meteorite or comet impact had resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	Attacks of meteorites or comets are believed to have resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of meteorites or comets is thought to have contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The impact of a shooting star or comet is thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It has been suggested that a meteor or a comet impact has resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	A meteor or a comet shock is believed to have resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the shock of a meteor or comet has led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is thought that the shock of a shooting star or comet has resulted in the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the impact of a meteor or comet has led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	It is believed that the shock of a meteor, or comet, has caused the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The shock of a meteor or comet has been thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	A shock by a meteor or comet has been thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
	The shock of a meteor or comet is thought to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Police clashed with protestors who are trying to protect an ancient woodland from being destroyed.
Top 100 Translations
	The police also clashed with protestors who tried to keep the ancient forest lands from being destroyed.
	The police have also clashed with protesters in an attempt to protect an ancient woodland from destruction.
	There was also a clash between the police and the protesters who were trying to preserve an old forested land from being destroyed.
	The police also fought with protesters and they tried to keep an ancient forest land from being destroyed.
	There was also a confrontation between the police and protestors, who were attempting to protect an ancient forest land from destruction.
	They were also fighting protesters, who were trying to keep an ancient woodland from being destroyed.
	They also clashed with protesters who attempted to protect from the destruction of an ancient woodland.
	They also have clashes with protesters who are trying to protect an ancient woodland from destruction.
	The police also clashed with protesters who were trying to keep an ancient woodland from being destroyed.
	The police were also in clashes with protesters who were trying to prevent an ancient woodland from being destroyed.
	The police clashed with protesters who sought to protect the ancient woodlands from destruction.
	Police clashed with protesters who were trying to protect the ancient woodlands from destruction.
	The police clashed with protesters who were trying to protect the old forestland from destruction.
	Police clashed with protesters who had tried to protect the ancient woodland from destruction.
	The police clashed with protestors who sought to protect the ancient woodland from destruction.
	There is clashes between the police and protestors who seek to protect the ancient woodland from destruction.
	The police clashed with protesters who had tried to protect ancient forest lands from destruction.
	Police clashed with protesters who tried to protect their ancient woodland from destruction.
	The police clashed with protestors who had tried to protect the ancient woodland from destruction.
	Police clashed with protesters attempting to protect ancient forest lands from destruction.
	There were clashes between the police and protesters who were working to protect an old forest area from destruction.
	Police clashes were taking place with the protesters, and they are striving to protect an old forest area from destruction.
	Police clashed with protestors, who were fighting to protect against the destruction of an old forest area.
	The police clashed with the protesters, and they are striving to protect an ancient woodland from destruction.
	Police clashed with protestors, who are trying to protect an ancient forest area from destruction.
	The police clashed with protesters, and they are attempting to protect an ancient woodland from destruction.
	Police clashed with protesters who were endeavouring to protect an old forest block from the devastation that had taken place.
	The police had clashed with the protesters and they were trying to protect a forest area, which had been in an age-old condition, from destruction.
	The police had clashed with protesters, who were working to protect an old forested area from destruction.
	There was a confrontation between police and the protesters who were trying to protect an ancient forest area from destruction.
	Police were in conflict with protesters, who tried to keep a forest of the ancients from being destroyed.
	Police clash with protesters, who try to protect an old forestland from being destroyed.
	The police had clashed with protesters who tried to protect an ancient forest land from destruction.
	During an incident between the police and demonstrators, the protesters were trying to preserve an ancient woodland where it would not be destroyed.
	During the protests, the police clashed with protesters trying to protect an age-old forest land from destruction.
	The police clash with the protesters who are trying to defend an ancient forestland from being destroyed.
	The police were fighting with protesters who tried to protect an old woodland from destruction.
	Police clashed with protesters who sought to protect an ancient forest land from being destroyed.
	The police clashed with protesters who tried to defend an old woodland from being destroyed.
	In a clashes between the police and the protesters, protesters sought to protect an ancient woodland from destruction.
	Police clash with demonstrators, they try to protect ancient groves from destruction.
	The police clash with the demonstrators, and they attempt to protect the ancient forestland from destruction.
	Police clashes with protesters, they're trying to protect ancient woodland from destruction.
	Police clashed with protesters, and they attempted to protect the ancient borough from destruction.
	The policemen were fighting the demonstrators, they were trying to protect the ancient forest lands from destruction.
	The police were in a fight with protesters, and they tried to protect the old forestland from destruction.
	The police have clashed with the demonstrators, and they are trying to protect the old woodland from destruction.
	Police are fighting demonstrators, they are trying to protect the ancient woodland from destruction.
	The cops clashed with the demonstrators, and they sought to protect the ancient groves from destruction.
	Police clashed with protesters who tried to protect the old forestland from destruction.
	The police clashed with protesters who tried to protect the ancient forest areas from destruction.
	The police had clashed with protesters who had tried to protect the ancient forest areas from destruction.
	The police clashed with the protestors, who tried to protect the ancient woodland and protect it from destruction.
	There was a clash between the police and protestors who attempted to protect the old forest areas from destruction.
	The police had clashed with the protesters, who had attempted to protect the ancient woodland from destruction.
	The police clashed with the protesters, who attempted to protect the old areas of the forest from the damage they had caused.
	The police clashed with protestors who attempted to protect the old forested areas from destruction.
	The police had clashed with protesters, who sought to protect them from destruction in old forest areas.
	Police clashed with protesters, who sought to protect the old woodland from destruction.
	Police have clashed with protesters, who have attempted to protect the old forest areas from destruction.
	The police had clashed with the protesters, who sought to preserve old forest lands from being destroyed.
	The police clashed with protesters, who tried to preserve the old woodland so as not to be destroyed.
	There was clashes between police and protesters who were trying to preserve the ancient woodlands before they were destroyed.
	Police clashed with protestors, who tried to protect the old woodland from destruction.
	The police clashed with protesters who had tried to protect the old woodland so as not to be destroyed.
	Police clashed with protesters who attempted to protect the ancient woodland before it was destroyed.
	There is a clash between the police and the protesters, who seek to preserve old forests in order to keep them from being destroyed.
	The police clashed with protesters, who tried to protect the ancient woodland from destruction.
	The police have clashed with the protesters in an attempt to protect old woodland from destruction.
	There were clashes between the police and protesters, who sought to preserve the ancient forest land and prevent it from being destroyed.
	Police clashed with protesters who are trying to protect an ancient woodland from destruction.
	The police clashed with protesters, who are trying to protect an old forest land from destruction.
	Police clashed with the protesters, who were trying to keep an ancient woodland from being destroyed.
	In a confrontation between the police and protesters, protesters are attempting to protect an old woodland from destruction.
	The police have clashed with protesters who are trying to protect a forested land, which has been built up to the ancient forest, from destruction.
	The police clashed with the protesters, who were trying to keep an ancient forested land from being destroyed.
	Police clashes with protesters trying to protect an old forest land from destruction.
	The police clashed with demonstrators, who were trying to keep the ancient forested land from being destroyed.
	The police clashed with protesters, who were trying to protect an ancient woodland from destruction.
	The police have come into a confrontation with protestors who are trying to keep an ancient forested land from being destroyed.
	The police had clashed with the protesters, who were trying to preserve the ancient forestland and keep it from being razed to the ground.
	The police clashed with the protesters and the demonstrators were attempting to protect old woodland from the ground being razed to the ground.
	Police clashed with protesters who were seeking to protect the old forested land from being razed to the ground.
	Police clash with protesters who are trying to protect the ancient woodland from being razed to the ground.
	Police clashed with protesters, who are trying to protect their ancient forest land against razing it to the ground.
	There were clashes between police and protesters, who are trying to protect the ancient forest lands against razing them to the ground.
	There is a confrontation between the police and the protesters, who are attempting to preserve the old forested ground and prevent its being razed to the ground.
	Police clashed with the protesters who were trying to protect the old woods against being razed to the ground.
	The police clashed with the protesters who were trying to protect the old forested lands from razing them to the ground.
	The police clashed with protesters, who are trying to protect the ancient woodland from razing to the ground.
	The police were fighting the protesters in their attempt to protect their ancient forest lands from burning.
	The police clashed with demonstrators who attempted to protect ancient groves from burning.
	Protesters are attempting to protect the old forest lands from burning, and police clashes are taking place with these protesters.
	The police are in a clash with protesters who try to protect Old Forestland from burning.
	The protests were fought by police officers who were trying to protect ancient forestland from burning.
	The protesters try to protect their ancient woodland from the fire, and the police have clashed with these protesters.
	During the protests, police clashed with the protesters who attempted to protect the Old Forest land from burning.
	The police came into contact with the protesters, who attempted to protect ancient forest lands from burning.
	Protesters attempted to protect ancient woodland from the burning, and the police clashed with the protesters.
	Police clashed with the protesters, who tried to protect ancient woodland from burning.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Oh, that dress reveals too much, Carol. I'd change it.
Top 100 Translations
	Oh, it's too much for the suit, Carol. I'm going to change it.
	Well, that dress is exposed, Carol. I'm gonna work on it.
	Oh, well, the clothes are way out there, Carol. I'll change them.
	Oh, that shirt is exposed too much, Carol. I'll fix it.
	That's too much to reveal, Carol. I'll fix it.
	Oh, that's so much covered in the suit, Carol. I'll fix it, I'll change it.
	Oh, there's a lot to see in that dress, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, that dress's got too much to cover, Carol. I'm going to change it.
	Oh, that suit was over-retarded, Carol. I'd like to change it.
	Oh, there's so much to see about that dress, Carol. I'm going to fix it.
	That's a very exposed outfit, Carol, I'm going to make it a tweak.
	Oh, it's so exposed. Carol, I'm just gonna have to change it.
	Oh, that suit is too exposed. Carol, I'm gonna have to change it.
	Oh, that suit is so revealing, Carol, I'll change it.
	Oh, that dress was too exposed, Carol. Well, I'm gonna fix it.
	Oh, that suit's really exposed, Carol, I'll change it.
	- Oh, that dress's exposed, Carol. I'll fix it.
	Oh, that outfit is too exposed, Carol, and I'm going to change it.
	Oh, that shirt is very exposed. Carol, I'm gonna change it.
	That suit is so exposed. Carol, I'm gonna change it.
	Oh, that's too much to show, Carol. I'm gonna change it.
	Well, there's too much exposure to that outfit. Carol, I'll change it.
	Oh, there's so much to be revealed in that dress, Carol. I'll try to change it.
	Oh, well, there's so much exposure, Carol, and I'm gonna change it.
	Oh, I can't see how much that suit's exposed to, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, that's too much to lose, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, it's too much exposure, Carol. I'm gonna change it.
	Well, that suit has been exposed too much, Carol, and I'm gonna fix it.
	Well, that dress's got a lot to say about me, Carol, but I'm going to change it.
	Oh. That dress's a lot of exposure, Carol. I'll make a whole lot of changes.
	Oh, that dress's been exposed, Carol, I'm going to change it.
	Oh, there's too much to see, Carol. I'm gonna change that dress.
	- Oh, that dress's exposed too many things. I'll fix it, Carol.
	Oh, I'm gonna change it because it's got so much exposure on it, Carol.
	Oh, that skirt's exposing too much stuff, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, that dress's got too much exposed, Carol. I'm going to change it.
	Oh, that dress's exposed to so much, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, there's too many things revealed about that dress. Carol, I'm gonna fix it.
	Oh, there's too much to lose in the dress, Carol. I'm gonna change it.
	Oh, there's so much exposure to that dress, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, that's a very exposed suit, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, it's too exposed, Carol. I'll change it.
	- Oh, that's a little exposed. I'm changing it. - Carol, I'll change it.
	Oh, that dress's too leaky, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, that dress's too exposed, Carol. I'll change it.
	Well, that dress is very exposed, Carol, and I'm going to change it.
	Well, that dress's exposed, Carol. I'll change it.
	Well, that dress is so exposed, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, that's a very exposed outfit, Carol. I'll get out of it.
	Oh, that dress is a bit of a leak, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, I've discovered too much of that dress, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, there's a lot to be revealed by that outfit, Carol. I'm going to change it.
	Oh, there's too much to see about the dress, Carol. I'll get rid of it.
	Oh, there's too much to find in that shirt, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, that dress showed too much, Carol. I'm gonna get rid of it.
	Oh, there's just too many things going on with that dress, Carol, and I'll just have to make it go away.
	Oh, that dress reveals too many things, Carol. I'm going to make it go away.
	Oh, the dress revealed so much, Carol. I'm gonna change it.
	Oh, that dress revealed too much, Carol, and I'm gonna change it.
	Well, that suit reveals too much. Carol I'll make it go away.
	Oh, that skirt's got too much to tell us, Carol. I'll fix it.
	Oh, there's so much talk about that dress. I'll do that, Carol.
	Oh, well, there's so much to tell about that dress. Carol, I'll fix it.
	Oh, the dress's leaking a lot, Carol. I'll modify it. I'll rewrite it.
	Oh, there's just too much going on with that dress, Carol, and I'm going to change it.
	Oh, there's a lot of disclosure on the dress, Carol, and I'll change it.
	Oh, that dress's so much leaking, Carol, and I'm gonna change it.
	Oh, that skirt's too much to show, Carol. I'll fix it.
	Oh, the dress says too much about it, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, there's so much to tell about that dress, Carol. I'll rewrite it.
	Oh, the dress's too expose. Carol, I'd like to replace it.
	Oh. The dress is a big blow, Carol, I was thinking I'd change it.
	- Oh, it's so exposed, Carol, I'm trying to get rid of it.
	Well, the dress is too exposed, Carol. I'd like to replace it.
	Oh, that skirt was so exposed, Carol, and I want to change it.
	Oh, that dress's a little exposed, Carol. I thought I'd get rid of it.
	Oh, that skirt was too revealed, Carol, and I wanted to change it.
	Oh. That dress's exposed, Carol. I'd like to replace it.
	Oh, the dress is too revealing, Carol. I'd like to replace it.
	Oh, the dress is a bit exposed. Carol, I'm going to get rid of it.
	Oh, it's pretty obvious. Carol, I'm gonna change it.
	Oh, that suit is so visible, Carol. I'm going to change it.
	Oh, that's a pretty nice dress. I'll change it, Carol.
	Oh, that's pretty obvious, Carol. I'll change it. I'll change it.
	Oh, that's a beautiful dress. Carol, I'll get rid of it.
	Oh, that outfit's pretty bright, Carol. I'll change it.
	Oh, those clothes look good. I'm changing them, Carol.
	Well, that outfit's so pretty, Carol. I'm going to change it.
	Oh, that dress is so obvious, Carol. I'm gonna get rid of it.
	Oh, that shirt is too visible. Carol, I'm changing it.
	I'll change that dress and bring it down too much, Carol.
	The dress's a little too much, Carol. I'll change it.
	I know this dress is a lot of exposure, Carol, and I'll change it.
	This dress shows too much, Carol. I'll change it.
	This dress has been exposed too many times, Carol, and I'm going to change it.
	It's an over-explained suit, Carol. I'm going to fix it.
	This dress is a lot more obvious, Carol. I'll change it.
	I'll change the dress. It's too much, Carol.
	There's too much information on the dress, Carol. - I'll change it.
	There's too much to be revealed on this dress, Carole. I'll change it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: The findings of the report have yet to be analysed by the government so they can formulate new policies.
Top 100 Translations
	The findings of the report were still to be analysed by the Government in order for them to be able to formulate new policies.
	The findings of this report are yet to be analysed by the Governments in order to allow them to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report had yet to be analysed by the Government in order to enable them to formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of the report are yet to be analysed by the Governments so that they will be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of this report remain to be analysed by the Government in order to enable them to formulate new policies.
	The findings of this report are still pending analysis by the Government in order for them to be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of the report are still awaiting analysis by Governments so that they can formulate new policies.
	The findings of that report are still pending analysis by the Government in order to enable them to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report remain to be analysed by the Government so that they can formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have still to be analysed by the Government in order to enable them to formulate new policies.
	The results of the report were yet to be analysed by the Government in order for them to be able to put in place new policies.
	The results of the report were still to be analysed by the Government in order to allow it to formulate new policies.
	The results of the reports were yet to be analysed by the Government, so that they could formulate new policies.
	The report's results are yet to be analysed by the Government so that they can formulate new policies.
	The results of this report are yet to be analyzed by the Government to allow them to formulate new policies.
	The results are still to be analysed by the Government so that it may be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The report's findings are yet to be analysed by the Government in order to enable them to formulate new policies.
	The results of the report were yet to be analysed by the Government so that it would be possible to formulate new policies.
	The report's results were yet for analysis by the Government in order to enable them to formulate new policies.
	The results of that report are yet for analysis by the Government, so that they can formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report had not been analysed by the Government, so that it would be possible for them to formulate new policies.
	Its findings have not been analysed by the Government to enable them to formulate new policies.
	Its conclusions are yet to be analysed by Governments so that they can formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have not been analysed by Governments so that they can formulate new policies.
	Its findings had not yet been analysed by Governments so as to enable them to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have not yet been analysed by the Government so that it may be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The report's conclusions have not been analysed by the Government to enable it to formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of the report are not yet analysed by the Governments so that they can formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of the report had not been analysed by the Government to enable it to formulate new policies.
	Its findings had yet to be analysed by the Government, so that they would be able to formulate new policies.
	Results of the report had not yet been analysed by the Government, so that it would be able to formulate new policies.
	The results of the report had yet to be analyzed by the Government so as to enable it to formulate new policies.
	The results of the report have not yet been analysed by the Government so that it may be able to formulate new policies.
	Results of the report have not yet been analysed by the Government to enable the Government to formulate new policies.
	The result had not yet been analysed by the Government so that it might be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The report's outcome has not been examined by the Government, so that it may be able to formulate new policies.
	The results of the report had not yet been analysed by the Government so that it could formulate new policies.
	The findings have not yet been analysed by the Government in order to enable it to develop new policies.
	The report results have not been analysed by the Government, in order to enable the Government to formulate new policies.
	The results of this report have yet to be analysed by the Government in order for it to be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report had not been analyzed by the Government, and it was thus possible to formulate new policies.
	The report's conclusions have not been analysed by the Government, so that it will be able to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have not been analysed by the Government, thus allowing the Government to develop a new policy.
	The report's conclusions had not yet been analyzed by the Government and, therefore, new policy could be formulated by the Government.
	The findings of the report had not been analysed by the Government and the Government could formulate a new policy.
	The findings of the report had not yet been analysed by the Government, which was in a position to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have not been analysed yet by the Government, which is therefore in a position to formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of the report were not yet analysed by the Government, which would thus be in a position to develop new policies.
	The findings of the report have yet to be examined by the Government and thus it is possible for it to formulate a new policy.
	The conclusions of the report had not been analysed by the Government, so the Government could formulate new policies.
	The report's findings had not yet been analysed by the Government, which had therefore been able to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have not been analysed by the government, so the Government can develop a new policy.
	Its findings have not been analysed by the Government, and the Government has thus been able to formulate new policies.
	The findings of this report have not yet been analysed by the government and it is therefore possible that the government formulates a new policy.
	The results of the report had not been analysed by the Government, which was therefore in a position to formulate a new policy.
	The results of the report have yet to be examined by the Government and it is therefore in the position of the Government to develop a new policy.
	The report's findings have yet to be analysed by the Government, as a result of which the Government can develop a new policy.
	The findings of that report had not been analysed by the Government and it was thus in a position to formulate new policies.
	The results of the findings of the report had not been analysed by the Government, which would allow it to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report were not analysed yet by the Government, which is in turn in a position to formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of this report will still need analysis by the Government so that they will be able to formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of the report still needed to be analysed by Governments in order for them to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report still needed to be analysed by the Government in order for it to be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The report's conclusions still needed to be analysed by the Government to enable it to formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of the report still needed to be analysed by the Government in order for it to be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report would still need an analysis by the Government in order for them to formulate new policies.
	The findings of this report still needed an analysis by the Government, so that they would be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report still require analysis on the part of Governments so that they will be able to formulate new policies.
	The conclusions of the report still need to be analysed by the Government in order for them to be able to formulate new policies.
	Its findings still needed to be analysed by the Government, so that they would be able to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have yet to be analysed by the Government, which would enable the Government to develop a new policy.
	Its findings have yet to be analysed by the Government, which is in a position to formulate a new policy.
	The findings of the report had not been analysed by the Government so that it would be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The report's findings have not been analysed by the Government if it is to formulate a new policy.
	Its findings were not analysed by the Government so that it would be able to formulate a new policy.
	The report's findings had not been analysed by the government so that it could develop a new policy.
	The report's findings have not been analysed by the Government, which will make it possible for the Government to formulate a new policy.
	The findings of the Report have not yet been analysed by the Government, which will be able to formulate a new policy.
	Its findings had not been analysed by the Government, if it was to be able to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have not yet been analysed by the Government in order for it to elaborate a new policy.
	Its findings remain to be analysed by the Government if it is to be in a position to formulate new policies.
	Its findings have yet to be analysed by Governments, so that they can formulate new policies.
	The report's findings had yet to be analysed by the Government, which would enable the Government to formulate new policies.
	The results of the report have yet to be analysed by the Government if it is to be able to formulate a new policy.
	The findings of the report were yet to be analysed by the Government, which would make it possible to formulate new policies.
	Its findings have not yet been analysed by the Government in order to enable it to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report are yet to be analysed by the Government if it is to formulate a new policy.
	Its findings had yet to be analyzed by the Government if it was to formulate a new policy.
	The findings of the report had still to be analysed by the Government in order for it to formulate new policies.
	Its findings are yet to be analysed by the government, which will then be in a position to formulate new policies.
	The results of the report's findings have not been analysed by the Governments so that they can formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report had not been analysed by the Government so that it would be able to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have not yet been analysed by the Government in order to enable it to formulate new policies.
	The report's findings had yet to be analysed by the Government in order for them to be able to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the reports have not been analysed by the Government to enable them to formulate new policies.
	Its findings have not been analysed by Governments in order for them to be able to formulate new policies.
	The results of the report's findings have not been analysed by Governments to enable them to formulate new policies.
	The findings of the report have not been analysed by the Governments, so that they can formulate new policies.
	The findings of the reports have not been analysed by the Governments in order to enable them to formulate new policies.
	The report's findings were not analysed by the Governments in order to enable them to formulate new policies.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Alcohol consumption has risen again among the young, according to a new report published today.
Top 100 Translations
	According to a new report published today, the volume of alcohol among teenagers is again on the rise.
	The use of alcohol by teenagers has risen once again, according to a new report that has been published today.
	According to a new report released today, the amount of alcohol consumed by young people continues to rise again.
	According to a new report released today, the volume of alcohol consumption among young people is again on the rise.
	According to the new report published today, alcohol consumption among adolescents was again on the rise.
	According to a new report, published today, there has been another increase in the consumption of alcohol among adolescents.
	The volume of alcohol consumed by young people has again risen, according to a new report published today.
	According to a new report released today, the drinking of young people is again on the rise.
	According to a new report published today, alcohol consumption among teenagers has once again been on the rise.
	The volume of alcohol consumed by adolescents has again increased, according to a new report released today.
	According to new reports today, there is an upward trend in alcohol consumption among young people.
	According to new reports issued today, alcohol consumption is rising again among young people.
	In recent reports today, alcohol consumption has increased among the young population, according to some of the recent reports in the region, and it has continued to rise in the past few months in many cities and parts of the world.
	According to new reports released today, alcohol use among young people is showing a new upward trend.
	In addition to a new story today, alcohol consumption among young people is on the rise.
	In a recent article published today, alcohol consumption is on a rising trend among young people.
	A new report today indicates a growing trend of alcohol consumption among young people.
	According to the new reports released today, the consumption of alcohol has increased again among young people.
	According to a new report today, alcohol consumption among young people is on the rise again.
	According to new reports published today, alcohol consumption is rising again among young people.
	New reports issued today indicate that the consumption of alcohol among young people has been on the rise again.
	According to new reports published today, there has been another rise in alcohol consumption among young people.
	According to new reports published today the consumption of alcohol among the youth is again on the rise.
	According to new reports published today, alcohol consumption among young people is again on the rise.
	New reports published today point to a renewed rise in alcohol consumption among young people.
	According to a recent report released today, alcohol consumption among youth is once again on the rise.
	The new reports today indicate that the consumption of alcohol among young people is again on the rise.
	New news reports published today indicate that alcohol consumption among youth is on the rise again.
	According to new reports published today, alcohol consumption is again on the rise among young people.
	According to a new report issued today, alcohol consumption has again increased among young people.
	The consumption of alcohol by adolescents is again rising, according to a new report released today.
	According to one new report issued today, alcohol consumption is again on the rise among young people.
	The use of alcohol by adolescents was again rising, according to a new report published today.
	According to a new report issued today, the alcohol consumption of young people was once again on the rise.
	Based on a new report released today, alcohol consumption in adolescents is once again on the rise.
	The consumption of alcohol among adolescents had once again increased, according to a new report released today.
	According to the new report issued today, alcohol consumption among young people is again on the rise.
	The level of alcohol consumption among adolescents has again increased, according to a new report released today.
	According to a new report issued today, alcohol consumption among youth has been on the rise again.
	According to the new report released today, the consumption of alcohol among teenagers is again on the rise.
	The new report published today reports that alcohol consumption is again on the rise among adolescents.
	According to new reports published today, alcohol consumption among adolescents is once again on the rise.
	A new report was released today, reporting that alcohol consumption among adolescents is again on the rise.
	The new report released today reports that alcohol consumption among adolescents is on the rise again.
	According to the new report, published today, alcohol consumption among young people is again on the rise.
	New reports were published today that alcohol consumption among adolescents was on the rise again.
	The latest report released today reports a re-emergence in alcohol consumption among adolescents.
	New reports released today suggest that alcohol consumption among young people is on the rise again.
	According to the new report published today, alcohol consumption among adolescents is once again on the rise.
	New reports published today report a resurgence of alcohol consumption among young people.
	New reports released today state that the consumption of alcohol by young people is on the rise again.
	According to the new report published today, alcohol consumption among adolescents is once again on the rise.
	According to the new report published today, alcohol consumption among young people is once again on the rise.
	According to the new report, which has been released today, alcohol consumption among young people is once again on the rise.
	According to new reports published today, alcohol consumption among young people is on the rise again.
	According to the new reports published today, alcohol consumption among young persons has been on the rise again.
	According to new reports released today, there has again been an increase in alcohol consumption among young people.
	According to new reports released today, alcohol consumption among young people is on the rise again.
	According to the new reports published today, alcohol consumption among young people has been on the rise again.
	New reports have been published today indicating a further increase in young people's alcohol consumption.
	The latest report, released today, showed that there has again been an increase in alcohol consumption among young people.
	As the new report today shows, there has been another rise in alcohol consumption among young people.
	According to the new report released today, there is another increase in the volume of alcohol consumption among young people.
	As shown by the new reports issued today, there has been a new rise in the use of alcohol among young people.
	Newly published reports today suggest that there is a new rise in the use of alcohol among young people.
	According to the new reports issued today, alcohol consumption among young people is again on the rise.
	There is yet another increase in drinking among young people, according to a new report published today.
	According to the newly published report of today, the number of young people drinking alcohol is again on the rise.
	According to the new report issued today, alcohol consumption by youth is once again on the rise.
	According to an updated report issued today, there has been a resurgence of alcohol consumption among young people.
	The new report, released today, highlights the rising alcohol consumption among young people.
	According to new reports issued today, the consumption of alcohol among young people is on the rise again.
	According to the new reports released today, young people's consumption of alcohol has been on the rise again.
	According to new reports released today, alcohol consumption is once again on the rise among young people.
	According to new reports today, alcohol consumption among young people is once again on the rise.
	According to a new report today, alcohol consumption among young people has re-emerged.
	According to a new report issued today, alcohol consumption is rising once again among young people.
	According to a new report released today, alcohol use among young people is again on the rise.
	According to the new report, published today, alcohol consumption by young people is again on the rise.
	According to the new reports released today, the consumption of alcohol among young people is on the rise again.
	According to the new report that has been released today, alcohol consumption by young people is again on the rise.
	According to a new report released today, the alcohol consumption of young people has risen again.
	According to the new reports released today, there is a resurgence in alcohol consumption among young people.
	According to the new reports published today, the consumption of alcohol by youth is again on the rise.
	According to the new report issued today, the consumption of alcohol by young people is again on the rise.
	According to a new report released today, there is a resurgence of alcohol consumption among young people.
	According to a new report released today, alcohol consumption among young people is on the rise again.
	According to new reports released today, alcohol consumption among young people is again on the rise.
	The new report published today shows that young people's consumption of alcohol has re-emerged.
	The new report published today indicates that alcohol consumption in young people is again on the rise.
	According to a new report released today, alcohol consumption is again on the rise among young people.
	According to new reports published today, the consumption of alcohol among young people is on the rise again.
	According to the new report published today, alcohol consumption among youth is again on the rise.
	A new report published today points to another increase in alcohol consumption among young people.
	The new report, which was published today, states that alcohol consumption among young people is again on the rise.
	According to the new report issued today, alcohol consumption among youth is again on the rise.
	The new report that has been issued today notes that alcohol consumption among youth is once again on the rise.
	According to new reports published today, the consumption of alcohol among young people is again on the rise.
	The new report issued today points to the fact that alcohol consumption among the youth is once again on the rise.
	According to the new report published today, the alcohol consumption among young people is again on the rise.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: Have you decided whether you'll opt for our standard insurance or the premium policy?
Top 100 Translations
	Have you decided whether to opt our standard insurance policy or the insurance policy?
	Did you make your choice for our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Have you determined if we choose a standard insurance policy or a insurance policy?
	Did you decide if we'd chosen our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Have you decided whether we're going to have a standard insurance or an insurance policy?
	Have you decided to choose between our standard insurance or insurance policies? No, we don't, we don't.
	Did you decide if you're gonna choose our standard insurance policy or our insurance policy?
	Have you made a decision as to whether to choose our standard insurance policy or our insurance policy?
	Did you decide if we were to choose our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Did you decide to choose our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Does it decide whether you choose standard insurance or premium insurance?
	Do you guys decide if you'll choose standard insurance or premium insurance?
	Did you decide whether or not to select standard or premium insurance?
	Did it determine that you chose the standard insurance or the premium insurance?
	Do you have any idea if you'd like to choose between standard and premium insurance?
	So, do you decide whether to choose standard insurance or premium insurance?
	Does it decide whether you opt for standard insurance, premium insurance or non-contributory insurance?
	Does it decide whether you'll choose between standard or premium insurance?
	Does it determine whether you chose standard insurance or premium insurance?
	Does it have to do with whether you chose standard insurance or premium insurance?
	Do you decide whether you choose between our standard insurance, or our premium insurance?
	You decide if you prefer our standard insurance or the premium insurance?
	Have you decided if you'll choose our standard insurance or premium insurance?
	You decided if we were to be selected for our standard insurance, for insurance or insurance, for insurance?
	Have you decided whether you want our standard insurance or the insurance for the premium?
	Did you decide whether you wanted to choose our standard insurance or your premium insurance?
	You've decided if you wanna choose between our standard insurance and premium insurance?
	So do you decide whether you chose our standard insurance or the premium insurance?
	You decide if you will select our standard insurance or premium insurance?
	Are you going to choose between our standard insurance insurance or the premium insurance?
	Do you have a decision that you will choose whether we have standard insurance policies or insurance policies or premium policies?
	Are you going to choose our standard insurance policy or insurance policy or premium policy?
	Are you going to choose between our standard insurance policies or the insurance policy or the premium policy?
	Did you decide that you will choose the standard insurance policy, the insurance policy, or the premium policy?
	Have you decided if you're going to select our standard insurance policy, or our insurance policy or the premium policy?
	Do you decide if you'll select our standard insurance policy or policy policy or premium policy?
	Are you going to choose whether you're going to choose our standard insurance policy or insurance policy or premium policy?
	Did you decide whether you would choose our standard insurance policy, the insurance policy or the premium policy?
	Have you decided you're going to choose whether our standard insurance policy, insurance policy, or premium policy?
	Do you decide whether you would select our standard insurance or insurance policy or premium policy?
	You decide to choose between our standards of insurance, or the insurance policy?
	Do you decide whether to select our standards for an insurance policy or an insurance policy?
	Did you decide to choose our standards, our insurance policy or our insurance policy?
	Did you decide to choose the standards of our policy, the insurance policy or the insurance policy?
	Did you ever decide on our standard policy, insurance policy, or insurance policy?
	Did you decide if we could choose our standard policies, our policies, the insurance policies, or our insurance policies?
	Have you decided what we're going to do here? In our policy of insurance or in insurance policy?
	Have you decided to choose our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Have you decided if we choose our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Have you decided if you're going to choose our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	You decide that you are to select our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Did you decide that you would select our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Did you decide that you'd choose our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Do you decide that you will choose between our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Have you decided that you will choose our standard premium or insurance policy?
	Have you ever decided that you're going to choose our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Are you going to choose our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Have you decided that you will select our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Have you decided you'll select our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Do you have a decision you will choose between our standard insurance policy, our insurance policy, or our insurance policy?
	Do you decide if you've already decided on our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Do you decide if you decided upon our standard premium, our premium policy or the insurance policy?
	Do you decide if you decided our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Did you decide that you would take our standard premium policy, or our insurance policy?
	You decide if you're gonna decide about our standard premium policy or our insurance policy?
	So you decide if you have decided on our standard insurance premiums or insurance policies?
	You decided whether you decided on our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Are you deciding whether you've decided on our standard insurance policy or the insurance policy?
	You're deciding whether you're going to decide on our standard insurance policy or on our insurance policy?
	You decide if you'll decide if we'll get a standard insurance rate or an insurance policy?
	You're going to choose our standard insurance coverage, or the premiums on the insurance policy?
	Have you decided to choose our standard insurance policy and the premium in the insurance policy?
	Do you decide that you would choose the cost of our standard insurance policies, or of our insurance policies?
	Did you decide that you would choose between the standard insurances or the insurance policy contributions of our insurance policies?
	Have you decided to choose between our standard or the insurance policy for the cost of our insurance policy?
	Did you decide to choose between the standard and the cost of our insurance policy?
	Did you decide that you had to select our standard insurance, or the premiums in the insurance policy?
	Have you decided that you choose the insurance policy, or our insurance policy, which we have to cover with the standard insurance policy?
	Are you in a position to decide if you want to select the premium from our standard or the premium from our insurance policy?
	Have you decided you want to choose from our standard insurance policy, or insurance policy, the cost of the insurance policy?
	Do you have to decide whether you choose our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Have you decided if it was your choice of our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Did you make a decision about your selection of our standard insurance policies or insurance policies?
	Have you determined if you have chosen our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Did you decide whether you selected our standard insurance policy, or insurance policy?
	Have you made a decision about whether we've chosen our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Did you decide whether you chose our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Have you decided that you chose our standard policy or our insurance policy?
	Have you decided if you've chosen to have our standard insurance policy or insurance policy?
	Have you ever decided that you chose our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Have you decided whether or not you would choose our standard insurance policy or the insurance policy?
	Did you decide that you'd select our standard insurance policy or our insurance policy?
	Have you ever decided if you are going to choose our standard insurance or insurance policy?
	Did you decide that you were going to choose our standard insurance policy or the premium policy?
	Have you decided if you're going to choose our standard insurance policy or our insurance policy?
	Have you decided whether you will choose our standard insurance policies or insurance policies?
	Did you decide that you would choose our standard insurance policy or a premium policy?
	Did you decide whether you will choose our standard insurance or the premium policy? - I don't know.
	Have you decided if you'll choose our standard insurance policy or our insurance policy?
	Did you decide if you would choose our standard insurance policy or the insurance policy?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: You need to be more productive, Susan, and I mean that in terms of the hours you do here in the office.
Top 100 Translations
	You gotta work more efficiently, Susan, and I mean, in terms of your working hours in an office, you've got to be more productive.
	You have to work efficiently, Susan, and I mean that you've got to be more productive in terms of your time at the office.
	You're gonna need to be a little more productive at work, Susan, and I mean, you've got to have more productive work from the time you work at the office.
	You have to make your job efficient, Susan, I'm saying in terms of your work hours at the office, you have to be more productive.
	You have to be more efficient, Susan, I mean, in view of your working hours at your office, you've got to be more productive.
	You've got to be more efficient in the job, Susan, and I mean that in terms of the working time in the office you've had, you have to be more productive.
	- You have to work more efficiently, Susan, and I mean that from what you guys are doing in your office, you have to be more productive.
	You gotta make it work more, Susan, and I mean, you're gonna have to work more effectively in terms of your working time at the office.
	You got to make work more efficient, Susan, and I mean from your working time in the office, you have to be more productive.
	You're gonna need to be more efficient, Susan. I mean, you've got to be more effective, as far as you've been doing your work at the office.
	I mean, you need more power here, Susan, from where you're working, the hours you work here, from where you're working.
	I mean, from your time working here, to the time of your work, you're working here.
	I mean from where you work, from the time you're working in here, the time you're working in here.
	You need a lot more capacity here, Susan, I mean it's from the time you worked here, from the time you worked here.
	You need to be more productive, Susan. I mean, from your working time here, to your working time here.
	I mean in terms of your hours of working here, I mean, you work in this place.
	I mean, from the time you work here, from the time you work here, to the time you work here.
	I mean, I'm looking at your working time here when you work here.
	I mean, in view of your hours in the office you work in here, you have time to work in this place.
	I mean, in the time that you're working in this office, you're working here, you need more capacity, Susan.
	You need to be more productive. Susan, I mean, from the time that you work here at the office.
	You need to be much more productive, Susan, I mean, with your time at the office here.
	Susan, I mean, from when you work in your office here, you need to get more productive.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, and I mean, considering the time that you worked here in the office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, I mean, judging from the time you work here in your office.
	You need more productivity Susan, I mean from the time you work in your office here.
	You need to be more productive. Susan, I mean, in terms of the hours you're working in your office here.
	You're going to need more productive Susan, which I mean, in terms of the time that you work at the office here.
	You need to get more productive, Susan, which I'm trying to tell from the time you work in the office here.
	You're gonna need more productivity. Susan, I mean, looking at your hours here in the office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, I'm saying, given the time you've been in your office, that you've worked in your office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan. What I'm saying is, given the time you're in the office, you work in the office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, and I mean, from your time in your office, you're going to be working in your office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, because, in your office, I mean, in terms of your time in the office, you work in the office.
	You've needed more productivity, Susan. I mean, considering your hours in the office. You're working in the office.
	You need to get more productive, Susan. I mean, in terms of your time in the office, you work in the office.
	I mean, you're going to be in the office the way you work, Susan, from the time you're in the office.
	What you need to be more productive, Susan is that you work in an office. I mean, from your time in your office, you work in an office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, I mean, in terms of how long you've worked in an office, you work in an office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan. And I mean, from what you do in the office, you work in the office.
	You need more effectiveness, Susan. I mean, as far as the hours you work here are concerned, your working hours in the office.
	You need to be more effective, Susan. I mean, in terms of the amount of time you've been working here, your working hours at the office.
	You need more productive, Susan, but I mean, as far as the time you work in this place is concerned, it's the hours you're working in the office.
	You need to be more effective, Susan, I mean, as far as time you're working here is concerned, your working hours at the office.
	You're gonna need more productive, Susan. I meant, for the time you worked here, the work you worked at the office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, I mean, in terms of how long you're working here, you're working at the office.
	You need to get the job done, Susan. I mean, the hours you're working out here, the hours you're working in the office.
	You're gonna have to be more effective, Susan, I mean, as far as the time you work here, the hours you work in the office.
	You'll need to be more productive, Susan. I mean, for the hours you work here, your hours in the office.
	You need to get better, Susan. I mean, you work the time you're working in here, the time you're working in the office.
	You're gonna have to work more productively, Susan. I mean, according to your office working hours, your working hours in your office.
	You gotta get more productive, Susan, I mean, seeing your work in your office at work, you work in your office.
	You're gonna have to be more productive, Susan, I mean, from your office's working hours, your work hours in your office.
	You got to work more effectively, Susan, and I mean, from the time you work in your office, your work time in your office.
	You've got to be more productive, Susan, I mean from the hours of your office, your hours in your office.
	You've gotta get a little more effective, Susan, and I mean, judging from the time you've worked at your office, you have a lot of time in your office.
	You got to be more productive, Susan, I mean, from the time you worked in your office, the time you worked in your office.
	You have to be more successful, Susan, and I mean, from your office's working hours, your working hours in your office.
	And you gotta be more productive, Suzanne, I mean, in terms of the working time in your office, the working time in your office.
	You gotta get a little more productive, Susan, I mean, from the time you're at your office, the time you work at your office.
	You need to be more productive, sasan. I mean, about your working time in the office, what's it gonna take for you to do?
	You need more efficiency, Susan. I mean, about your hours in the office, there's something you need to do.
	Well, you need a better job, Susan, I mean, the time you work in an office, you need to do something.
	You need to be more successful, Susan. I mean, about the amount of time you work in the office. Something you're gonna need to do.
	You're going to need something more productive, Susan, and I mean, about the time you worked at your office, and what it would take for you to do.
	You need to get better, susan, I'm just saying about your time at the office, and there's a need to do something about what you need to do with the time you're working at the office.
	You needed more work, Susan. I mean, about the time that you work in your office. What do you do with the time you're working in your office?
	- You need something more effective, Susan. - I mean, you know, about how much time you worked in the office, you've got something you need to do.
	You need something more effective. I mean, you're working in your office and something needs to be done.
	You need to work more effectively, Susan. I mean, about the time you're working at the office... there's something I need you to do.
	You need a lot more effective work, Susan. I mean, in the sense of the hours you're working in this office, it's time you're working here.
	Susan, you need to be more efficient, I mean, with your office hours at work, you've got time to work here.
	Susan, you need to be much more efficient. I mean, from the point of view of the hours you work in your office, it's the hours you work here.
	Susan, you need to be more efficient, and I mean, given the hours your office is working, how long do you work here?
	Susan, you need to be more efficient, which I mean, in terms of the working hours in your office where you're working, how often you're working here.
	Susan, you need to be more efficient, I'm just saying, from the perspective of your office working hours, the hours you work here.
	Susan, you need to be more efficient, and I mean, from the point of view of your office working hours, the time you're working here.
	Susan, you need more efficiency, I mean, from the point of view of your office hours, the time you work here.
	Susan, you need to be more efficient, I mean, as far as the hours of your office work are concerned, you work here.
	Susan, you need to be more effective, I mean, from your office hours of work, time you work here.
	You need to be a little more effective, Susan. I mean, for hours you work here, you should have behaved a little better.
	You need a little more productive, Susan. I mean, you ought to act a little better for hours you work here.
	You need to be more effective, Susan, I mean, you should act better for the hours of your work here.
	You're going to need to be more productive, Susan. I mean, you know you should do better for the hours when you work here.
	You need to make more productive, Susan. I mean, you should do better for the hours you're working here.
	You need to be a bit more productive, Susan, and I mean, you should be even more effective in the hours you're working here.
	You need to be some more effective, Susan. I mean, for the hours you've been working in here, you've got to behave a little better.
	You need something more productive, Susan, and I mean, for hours you work here, you should do a lot better.
	You need a little more productive, Susan, which I mean is that, for the hours you work here in time, you should have behaved a bit better.
	You're gonna need to make it a little more productive, Susan. I mean, for hours you've been working here, you've got to do it a little better.
	You need to be more productive, Susan, which I'm trying to look at from your time in this office.
	You need to get better, Susan, from what I mean, from your working time in this office.
	You're going to need more efficiency, Susan, I mean, from the time you're working here in the office.
	You'll need to be more effective, Susan. I meant from your working hours in this office.
	You needed to be more efficient, Susan, and I mean, in light of the working time you're working in this office,
	You need to get more productive, Susan, I meant in view of your working hours in this office.
	You need to be more productive, Susan. I mean, from the hours you work in this office.
	You need to be effective, Susan. I mean in the light of your work hours here at the office.
	You need to be more productive. Susan, I mean from the hours you work in this office.
	You need to be effective, Susan. I meant from the time you're working in this office.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Sentence: 
Top 100 Translations
	New tune of sound at _new address, middle, audio, new sound, new tone, new medium, new address of new, new location, new address of a new sound, new address, new address of a new medium, new address of a new sound type.
	New sound for _new medium, new medium, new, new Chinese, new sound, new medium, new text, new Chinese address, new text for _new address, new address, new audio, new address, new address, new sound type, new accent, new location, new address, new voice, new address, new script, new voice, new name, new voice, new sound, new sound, new address for _New address, new address for _new _new address for _new address(s)
	New accents, new medium, middle, sound, new voice, new voice, new, new address, new and new address, new sound, new voice, new address, new address... New address, new address, new address, new address, new address.
	New accents on release, new address in new, Chinese, sound, new prototypes in new, new, new address on new, new address in new, new way of making sound available to all of you.
	_New audio/new address at opening, new middle, middle, sound, new voice, new text, new middle, new new location, new, new address.
	New audio-to-nices at opening, New medium, new medium, medium, new audio, new accent, new medium, new new location, new set-up, new address, new type, new, new address.
	New sound at startup. New medium, new center, new medium, new sound, new accent, new central address, new new address, new address.
	_New audio tone for new, new address, Chinese, audio, new pronunciation. New, new address, new address.
	New audio tune at opening, new address, new address in Chinese, new sound, new sound in English, new location in Chinese, new address, new address in Chinese and new address in Chinese.
	_New audio-echo address for new, medium-, audio- and pronunciation, new message, new address, new location, new name. new address, new address.
	Unable to come out with a new middle, inNameName, in the soundName # in Name #,  in inside in #liminName in the voiceName
	No new middle voice can emerge from the name of a new medium, in a new voice of a sound, in a new sound name, in a sound of a sound, in a sound of a sound that doesn't exist between a new sound, or a sound, or, in a new medium, in a voice that is in a new sound, or a new medium of a sound that is in a new medium that doesn't fit into the next sound of a sound, or is in a new medium, or more than a new sound that is in the same sound, or is in a new sound that is in a new sound in the middle of a new medium that we can see in a new middle sound that is not in the same sound that you have.
	Unable to come out of a new medium in the NameName, in the Sound Name in the NameName #, in the... in the inside of the... @ #reelName, in the medium in the voice in the NameName #reallyName
	Unable to outspoken audible middle sound in a Name Name, or a sound in a NameName or a sound in a Name Name or in a #name or in a medium or in a middle of a medium of a soundName or a sound in a new medium or the sound of a medium, or in a sound sound of a sound in a new medium in a middle sound or in a new middle of a middle sound in a sound... or a sound in a middle in a middle voice of a sound that can't emerge from a middle sound.
	Unable to come out of the new medium from a name in a soundName In a soundName In a sound in a voiceName In a Name in a Name #,  inside @Reel@ #ReialName In a voice in a soundName
	Unable to make out a new medium in NameName in a voiceName # in a nameName #,... in @reri@Name in a voice #RealName in a soundName
	A new medium in a name cannot be made from a new middle, a sound in a sound named in a voice, a sound in a sound in a voice, a sound in a voice, a sound on a sound in a new voice in a new sound, or a sound within a medium in a sound on a voice in a sound, a sound in a sound named name or a voice in a name or a name that is #in,...in #in or within a voice that is not #reric in or within a new middle voice, or a voice that can't be added in a new medium.
	Unable to exit the new middle sounded in Name Name, insideName #Name, inside #Rei @NireName medium of #Rei
	Could not release new sounding in the middle of a name in the middle, sound in the soundName in the sound in the name In the # Name, inner @uri @in the voice of a sound in the sound in the #RericName
	Could not come out of a new medium of sound (Name) or sound (Name)Name or (name) Name (in) #,... (in) @Ri@ #RicName and in the sound (in)Name
	Arrogated sound in the medium is from a sound point inside the inner sound in theNameName and middle in the sound of the new sound
	A stoic sound in a middle audio from a sound point in the new soundName inside a sound in a sound or medium in a sound
	The autonomous sounds in inside are from the inner sounds in the new sound dot inName inName, in the middle words in the middle of the medium sound in the sound of the new sound
	A cally sound in middle comes from an inside sound point from a new sound noiseName in a inner sound and in a medium words from a middle sound
	In a self-made sound from a sound point of the Shini soundName within a sound of an inner song and a medium voice of a middle sound
	A self-explanatory sound is from a sound point of a nuance, in a inner voice of a name and in a medium word in a sound in a sound, or something in a sound, or in a sound of a new sound
	Audible sounds of the middle sound have been from the sound points of new soundName On inside the inside, middle in the sound of the middle
	A self-smuggling voice in the middle is a sound from the sound point of the new soundName In the inner sound of the Name, in the middle of the sound
	Anthropological sounds in the middle sound of the sound sound are from a new sound points in the inside of a Name in the inner voice and medium in the middle of a middle sound or a medium in the sound of the sound that appears in a new sound
	The self-distinguished sound in a middle sound comes from the soundpoints of a new sound in Name inside a inner voice in a middle voice in a middle voice
	Internalization, internal, extravagant, middle, tone, name, audio, at the same time, at the rate, at the same time, and, at the point of its appearance, at the very least, it is very important for me not to change.
	Internalize, internal, alien, medium, relativity, "Name," when the sound is, "Regular," or,
	Inner, inner, alien, middle, tone, Name, sound, if,, equator, i,, the second and first, the first, the second and the second, or the second, the second, the second, or the third, the third, or the second, and the second, the second and second, the other, the second, the second, second, third, second, second, sixth, the other, the second, and the second.
	internalization, interior, foreign objects, middle, tone, named, sound when, like,, you can't see the difference, you have to do it.
	internalize, internal, alien, middle, punctuated,Name, voice, etc, you know what I mean?
	Internalization, internality, exoticness, medium, tune, named, audio when, equals,,,
	Internalization, internal, foreign, medium, nuance, name, sound when,, like,,,,, i-- i-i-- i-I mean, i-i--I-i-i-i--i-i-ii-a-i--i-ii-i-i-i,i-i-i-o-i-ii-a-i.e.i., i-i-i.e-v-e-g, i-i-i-i-i,i-e-i-i-i-e.a.i.b, i-v, I-e.g.., you-e-c-e,i-e-h-y.,i-e,i--y-e-e.
	Internalization, internality, exoticness, medium, tone, name, sound when, equal,,,
	Internalizing, internal, alien, medium, relativity, tweak, Name, audio while, like, uh, all of you and me.
	Internalization, intro, outmoded, middle, reticulation, name, sound when, equivalent,,, etc.,
	A new new tune in flat-new sound in a new voice in _ New voice in the middle address, in a new voice in a new sound. Name New sound when the middle sound. Name New sound.
	New flat sound in new accentName New audio at the address of the centreName New sound at the middle noteName New sound at the middle of the sound
	New flat tone new toneName New sound in _ address New sound in centerName New sound, medium soundName New sound
	New plain sound in new audioName New sound in new sound words in address _in CentralName New sounds, middle voice when mediums soundName New sound
	New pitch in the flat new sounds, new tone inName, new sound in the address of _Cing, new sound, and, when sound is middle, the new sound of the sound
	New tune of flat sound is in a new tone on _new sound from the address of China. You can find a new sound, if it is in a medium, or a new sound.
	New tunes in the flat new soundName New sound notes in the new address in the middle fieldName New sound, in the middle of the soundName New sound
	New flat new soundName New address New sounds of _C CentrefieldName Noises, Sounds in medium soundName Noises
	New tunes for flat sounds in _new notes for address in China, new audios, and when middles, sounds for new sound
	New pitch sound in QuaiName New note in MiddleName New sound in New scriptName New sound when middle sound Name New sound
	when you adjust, re-enter, out, somewhere somewhere, where you're going, where you are, when you're off, and when you go, when you're off, you're going... when you're going down, when you get up to your old, new, new... when you're going down, where you're going to come up with it, and where you want to be.
	When, when, when, and when, you go into the Middle and New Classes, and out, or around the place, and where, and where, and, and, you know, you go, and you move out of that room, and you go and out with this, and it's, uh, it's, you go, you know, you get out of here and it'll go, uh... and it's all the way up here.
	When you switch, you transfer a new one of your inner-world, out, around the place, the address, the address, the- the--the--the--the whole time you change to the inside of the sky.
	When changing, in moving to the middle and the next, out, out, about, address, address,,,, or.....
	When, and then, when, and when, is new, out of mid-sky, out, out, aroundland, address, address,,,,, or......and I think you've seen it all before.
	When, when, when, from the inside, and out, in the middle, around the place, where, and where, and, um, and-and-and what's the first, and... and what's the next, is the new, and, um, all the new things that you're gonna have, the new thing that you want is to make, the new place that you're going to be in, the new, the new place that we're gonna find, the new person that you're going to be able to put on, the place that's going on... and the place that you're actually doing, the thing that is going on... is really going on, you know, it's actually going on.
	Time, time to new, midday, out, somewhere, addresses, addresses,,,, ingesting,, trading,...
	When you're in, you're new in the middle and you're in the middle, you're out, you're out, you know, about the address, the address, you're at the center, you make it, you're in the middle and you're out of the sky, you're in the middle.
	In time, bring new ones to midday, out, around the corner, where, at, at, at, out of, out, up to, out, out, out, to, out of, out of, out, out of, out, out of, out.
	When the time, when the new is new, it comes out, it comes off, it comes back, it comes up to an address, it's an address, it changes, it changes, it's just a way to move out, it goes out.
	New in Main. _ New Medium-Symphony TonicsName New Address Sounds-In-SymphonyName
	New from Nuenue, _Asymphony words in New Centred AnglesName An Audio Info from New AddressesName
	New from new sound, _new central sound, sound-sonicsName new address, sound-synchronousName
	_ Newer Middle-Sonic wordName New Address-Same-SpeechName
	_New centrale sopranos in the new sound duesName New address is middle of the soundName
	_new-combust-commodity audio words in New-Assemble-AscentName Incoming-Advanced-Annunciation-New-Attic-AssortName
	_Newly-Sinciding Words In New-Since New-Since-AmericaName New Address-Since-Suding-AssivesName
	New New from newer sound _New medium sounds sonic wordsName New address sounds mediumName
	New in Xin-Bue _ Newly-Consent Hisonic Sonic in Newly-CooledName New Addressing Sounds In HissingName
	New from Xin, _Also words in new middle soundName In new address sound
	When the new soundlines are changed in, a new sound is struck, it is out, a new address is new and new, and the new address is new, when, within,,, is new and new.
	New new sound lines, new new audio lines, when you get out of, when you get new new, new address, when you get new, inside, and, you know, what you want to do, you get out of it.
	New sound lines, when a new new sound is attached, come out, at the time a new new address is available, at the time in which the new address is new and new, and at the time, inside, and, at the moment, inside,.....
	If you change a new sound, when you change a new sound, you get out, when you get a new address, and when you have a new Chinese address, the new address is new and new, and you can get inside, in, out of, and out and out and out and out and out and out.
	New sound lines, new sound lines, ejects, when new addresses, new addresses, new locations, when, in, in, in, in,, and in.....
	New New audio lines, new sound lines, when new sounds are in, out. When, address, new address, new, new, new address, when, internal,.....
	When the new audio lines, when the new sound lines, are new, when they come out, the address of the new address is new, when they are new, and when the new address is new, when they are, in, inside, when they're new, they're-- they're new.
	When you retwirl new audio lines into new new sound lines, when you rename, when you have new address, when you're new, when you're new and new and new, when you're, inside, when you-- you know, you're the first person to take care of it.
	The new sound line is new, when new sound is in, comes out, and addresses new, new, new addresses are, when, is, is, is, is... is, is, is what is going on, is what is going on?
	Change new sound, new sound, new sound, and then out, while, new new address, new, new, when, and within, and, you know, all of them.
	Can not delete folder: %s: No such folder
	Could not close temporary folder: %s
	Could not close temporary folder: %s
	Checking out the address from _the _observation,, et cetera
	Can not delete folder: %s: No such folder
	Could not close temporary folder: %s
	_Addrects, e. e. in @seends, e. g.
	Out of point Addresses @Seen Addresses, et cetera, _Instants, _Other Organiser
	Could not close temporary folder: %s
	Outgoing View Addressing _Inspection, Equivalents, Equilibrium, _Other Organiser
	The range during which the centered e-mails are displayed is the address@address, which is moved out to new and new address for the middle of a field, as well as for the rest of the country's entire territory.
	When you look out at the site, you can see your address and the new address of a new new address and new address of new in the middle of a field, while you can look at it in the end of the year.
	A new location for newer, new, new, new address is in the outfield, with new address, new address in the middle, and new address in the field.
	@ address@infolded, pulled out new, new new address for the middle of the field, and a new address for the new address of the new local address of the new address.   The new address of the centre   In the ground   There's no place  where you want   I want  I want to go  I want you to go 
	@AddedinAddress @ Address, From New and New Addresses, New Addresses are New to Middle New Addresses in the Locations. & New Addresses @Additional address & New to New or new address & The New Tolls / New Address address to New or New to New Locations in The Spheres.
	When you get out @ Address @, you move out the center of the ground, you have to get a new address from the center of the earth, or you can find an address from the center in the bottom of a field where you can have a new address.
	@ address@in-fold address, pull out new address to a new address where a new new address from the middle is found in the field, and you will find the address for the next address in the first place.
	A new address of a new, new and new address of an address of the new and new location of the site of the field of the location, is being moved to a new address address of the new address, the new addresses of the new address of the new place of origin and the new addresses of the new address of the current address of the new location where it's called a new address of the new address.
	The centre's range as it comes out @ Address@Creaking addresses, from new new and new address to the middle location, and from new and new address to address the new address to address of the new address in the field.
	@ Address@Keyline Address, moving out a new address for the new new and new addresses, in a new site, and a new address of the new address that comes out of the field.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
